WASHINGTON--Chipper Jones has seen a lot in his 19 seasons with Atlanta. But even he hadn't seen anything like what the Braves did Friday night.
Atlanta was down 9 - 0 after five innings with Washington Nationals star pitcher Stephen Strasburg on the mound. The Braves came back to take the lead in the top of the ninth. After the Nationals tied it, Atlanta pulled out a wild 11 - 10 win on Paul Janish's run-scoring bloop single in the 11th.
In the top of the 11th, Dan Uggla led off with a single against Tom Gorzelanny (2 - 2), advanced to second on Ryan Zimmerman's throwing error and then went to third on a passed ball before scoring on Janish's bloop that just barely fell in past shortstop Ian Desmond's outstretched glove.
It was the Braves' largest comeback since 1987 and pulled them within 2 1/2 games of the Nationals in the National League East. The teams will play three more games this weekend, including a doubleheader Saturday.
The nine - run lead was the largest ever given up by the Nationals franchise, including the games played as the Montreal Expos.
Atlanta scored four runs in both the sixth and eighth innings. Tyler Clippard came on in the ninth hoping to close the game for the Nationals but walked leadoff batter Uggla and hit Jarnish, who was squaring to bunt. After pinch hitter David Ross struck out, Michael Bourn tripled to right field to score both runners.
Craig Kimbrel blew his second save in 30 chances in the bottom of the ninth when Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer into the visitors' bullpen in left-center field to tie the game at 10.
Eric O'Flaherty (2 - 0) pitched the 10th to earn the win, and Chad Durbin was perfect in the 11th for his first save.
Michael Morse and Zimmerman each hit two - out, three - run homers off Braves starter Tommy Hanson, who gave up a season-high eight runs on eight hits.
Morse's fifth homer of the year--a bomb that nearly reached the Red Porch restaurant in the center-field concourse--came in the first. Zimmerman added his 12th in the fourth, hitting a 3 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats. The Nationals scored three more in the fifth on a bases-loaded walk to Washington starter Strasburg and Steve Lombardozzi's two - run single.
Lombardozzi had three hits in the game, extending his hitting streak to 13 games.
Pitching on his 24th birthday, Strasburg held the Braves scoreless through the fifth, when rain started to fall, but seemed to tire in the sixth, giving up four runs, starting with a two - run homer by Brian McCann.
Pinch hitter Eric Hinske narrowly missed another when he hit a double off the top of the wall, and Martin Prado capped the four - run inning with a two - run double off reliever Michael Gonzalez.