MIAMI--The Houston Astros are running out of time to solve their problems at the plate.
Jorge Cantu hit a three - run homer and rookie Chris Volstad allowed one run in eight innings to lead the Florida Marlins to a 5 - 1 win over the Astros on Tuesday night.
The Astros, who have lost three straight, entered the game 2 1/2 games behind Milwaukee and Philadelphia in the NL wild-card race.
Cantu's three - run homer in the first inning stopped Houston ace Roy Oswalt's franchise-record scoreless innings streak at 32 1/3 innings. Oswalt (15 - 10), who had lasted at least eight innings in five of his previous six starts, allowed five runs--three earned--and six hits over six innings. He struck out 10 to tie his season high.
Volstad (5 - 3) gave up four hits in his first start against the Astros and the second-longest outing of his career. The rookie right-hander struck out four and didn't walk a batter.
Florida's lineup rattled Oswalt early. After Cantu's home run--his 27th of the season--Dan Uggla scored on a double by Cody Ross to give the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead. Oswalt then hit Alfredo Amezaga with a pitch, which drew warnings for both teams.
In the second inning, Mike Jacobs doubled to the deepest part of Dolphin Stadium to score Hanley Ramirez and make it 5 - 0. Oswalt settled down after Jacobs' double, but the damage was done.
Michael Bourn doubled to open the eighth inning and advanced on Brad Ausmus' fly to right. He scored on pinch-hitter Kazuo Matsui's groundout to make it 5 - 1.
Ramirez, who scored two runs for Florida, doubled in the seventh inning and Amezaga hit his second triple in two games in the eighth.
The Astros had won 14 of 15 before Hurricane Ike convinced Major League Baseball to move two home games against the NL-leading Chicago Cubs to Milwaukee, where Houston struggled.
Houston got no-hit by Carlos Zambrano to lose the opener 5 - 0, then was held to one hit in a 6 - 1 defeat Monday. In 53 at-bats (59 plate appearances) on Sunday and Monday, the Astros had managed one hit and four walks.
The Marlins, winners of their last six, seem to think they still are. When the final out was recorded in New York's 1 - 0 loss to Washington, a cheer went out in Florida's clubhouse.