DETROIT--The injury-plagued Detroit Tigers battled gamely against another top pitcher.
Niko Goodrum homered twice and drove in five runs, and Detroit beat Carlos Carrasco and the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Monday night. It was the second straight day the Tigers won despite fielding a patchwork lineup. Detroit faced James Paxton and Seattle on Sunday and won that game in the bottom of the ninth. Then the Tigers made Carrasco's outing difficult.
Goodrum hit a two - run shot in the fourth inning and a three - run homer in the eighth, highlighting an impressive performance from a Detroit team missing some key regulars. Miguel Cabrera is on the disabled list, and the Tigers have also been without outfielder Nicholas Castellanos and third baseman Jeimer Candelario.
Jose Ramirez hit his 13th homer of the season for Cleveland, but the AL Central-leading Indians fell back to.500 and are only two games ahead of Detroit. The Tigers had lost 11 straight against Cleveland, including a four - game sweep in Ohio last month.
Carrasco (5 - 2) had won his previous 12 decisions against the AL Central, but he allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings Monday and received little run support.
Mike Fiers (4 - 2) allowed a run and three hits for Detroit in six innings. He walked one and struck out five. The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth, but with the tying run on second, left-hander Daniel Stumpf came on and retired Yonder Alonso on a first-pitch popup for the third out.
Then Goodrum gave Detroit a 6 - 2 lead with his homer in the bottom of the inning. It was his third homer in two games.
Cleveland's Francisco Lindor hit an RBI single in the ninth, extending his hitting streak to 15 games. The Indians brought the tying run to the plate against Shane Greene, but Michael Brantley grounded out to end it.
Ramirez opened the scoring with a homer to right in the first, but Detroit tied it in the third on an RBI groundout by Pete Kozma. In the fourth, Carrasco allowed a leadoff double by John Hicks. One out later, Goodrum connected to put the Tigers up 3 - 1.