ANAHEIM, Calif.--Derek Jeter gave the Los Angeles Angels' fans something special to remember him by in his final game at the "Big A." And he received something equally special in return.
Jeter ended a home run drought of 161 at-bats in his final regular-season game against the Angels, and the New York Yankees kept Hector Santiago winless in seven starts with a 9 - 2 victory on Wednesday night.
Vidal Nuno (1 - 0) allowed a run and four hits in 6 13 innings, struck out three and retired 14 of his last 15 batters. The left-hander's only other victory in seven big league starts was May 13 of last season, when he pitched five scoreless innings of three - hit ball at Cleveland in a 7 - 0 decision.
Unless both clubs meet in the playoffs, this was Jeter's swan song against the Halos, who dropped two of three in the Bronx 1 1 - 2 weeks ago. Jered Weaver, Albert Pujols, Mike Trout and Howie Kendrick carried a 12-foot-long pinstriped paddleboard with Jeter's No. 2 and the Yankee logo to the middle of the diamond and presented it to him following a milestone - studded video tribute as the sellout crowd of 44,083 roared its approval.
It was the second time in two years that the Angels' management went out of the way to honor a member of former manager Joe Torre's "Core Four." Last season it was Mariano Rivera, who retired as the all-time saves leader and received a painting of himself.
Jeter made it 6 - 0 in the second with a two - out drive to left-center for his 257th career homer and first since July 28, 2013, against Tampa Bay's Matt Moore at New York. In Monday's series opener, the Yankees' captain doubled to end a drought of 55 at-bats without an extra-base hit.
Eleven of Jeter's last 12 home runs have been solo shots, including one against Santiago when he pitched for the White Sox in August 2012.
Jeter got a standing ovation before his final at-bat during the Yankees' three - run eighth. He hit a fielder's choice comebacker to reliever Cory Rasmus for a force at the plate after a two - run single by John Ryan Murphy, and Carlos Beltran added a sacrifice fly.
Santiago (0 - 6) was charged with six runs, five hits and three walks in 2 1/3 innings. Four of the runs were unearned, the result of errors by Santiago and right fielder Cowgill.