The Washington Wizards defeated the Memphis Grizzlies, 135 - 128, at FedEx Forum on Saturday night. The Wizards (30 - 40) have developed a reputation for plenty of offense and very little defense, while the visiting Grizzlies (28 - 42) are essentially known for being their diametric opposite. The first half of that narrative held true Saturday, while the second portion was completely disproven, at least for one night. Memphis exploded for 71 first - half points, but they also were uncharacteristically generous in yielding 69 to Washington. Neither team showed the slightest hint of fatigue following intermission, but the hosts were just a bit better defensively while outscoring the visitors by a 66 - 57 margin in the third and fourth quarters. As the final score implies, each squad shot particularly well, draining over 50 percent of their respective attempts. Mike Conley paced the Grizzlies with 28 points, adding 12 assists and three rebounds. Jonas Valanciunas furnished 22 points, eight boards, three assists and one block. Avery Bradley poured in 21 points and also posted five assists and two rebounds. Chandler Parsons delivered 16 points, six rebounds, five assists and one steal. Joakim Noah turned in 15 points, eight rebounds, one assist and one block. Bradley Beal led the Wizards with 40 points and complemented them with seven assists, five rebounds and two steals. Jabari Parker generated a 20 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists, one steal and one block. Bobby Portis collected 18 points, six rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Jeff Green totaled 15 points, three assists and one rebound. Tomas Satoransky overcame a head injury to start and contribute 15 points, seven assists, six rebounds, one steal and one block. Thomas Bryant tallied 10 points, seven rebounds, two assists and two blocks. The Grizzlies head back home and take on the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night, while the Wizards remain home and take on the Utah Jazz on Monday evening.