PHILADELPHIA--Phillies manager Pete Mackanin was pleasantly surprised by his team's power display on Sunday.
Freddy Galvis hit two of his team's six home runs, Jerad Eickhoff threw five shutout innings, and the Phillies topped the San Diego Padres 7 - 1 to break their five - game slide.
Rookie outfielder Nick Williams began the run of homers with his first in the majors during the second inning.
Cameron Rupp followed two batters later with another solo homer and Galvis hit a two - run shot in the third inning.
Odubel Herrera and Aaron Altherr added solo home runs in sixth and seventh innings respectively and Galvis went back-to-back after Altherr's for his second of the game.
Galvis' first home run was a tape measure shot. He jokingly credited the wind, adding that he "saw the ball pretty good today." He is the fourth Phillie to reach 10 homers.
Eickhoff (1 - 7) returned from the disabled list with a strong start for the Phillies. He tied a season high with eight strikeouts and held the Padres to just five hits and a walk. He threw 71 pitches in his first start since June 17.
Eickhoff earned his first win since Sept. 21, 2016. He said he had a consistent curveball and was also happy with his slider.
The previous time the Phillies hit six home runs in a game was Aug. 11, 2004, against Colorado. They snapped a five - game losing streak, but enter the All-Star break with baseball's worst record at 29 - 58. Still, Mackanin remained positive about the team's outlook.
The Padres failed to pick up their first road sweep of the season. They avoided being shutout for the sixth time by scoring off Hector Neris in the ninth inning.
Trevor Cahill (3 - 3) struggled while striking out eight in five innings. He allowed three home runs after giving up just three in his first eight starts. The previous time he allowed three homers in one game was June 30, 2013.
The Padres put runners on base against Eickhoff, but went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position against the righty. Erick Aybar scored on Hector Sanchez's ninth-inning sacrifice fly.