OAKLAND, Calif.--If K-Rod's memory serves him right, this might have been the first time he didn't point to the sky in salute of his grandfather following a save.
Kendry Morales, Mike Napoli and Brandon Wood hit solo home runs in order during a span of four pitches from Keith Foulke in the seventh inning and the AL West champion Los Angeles Angels withstood a late rally by the Oakland Athletics for a 6 - 4 victory Thursday to avoid a three - game sweep.
Torii Hunter returned to the Angels lineup after injuring his cheekbone a day earlier, then stole home and hit a pair of singles. Hunter was hit in the right cheekbone by a ball while working in the indoor batting cage before Wednesday night's game. His second hit Thursday chased A's starter Josh Outman (1 - 1) in the fifth.
The Angels hit three straight homers for the first time since May 24, 2004, at Toronto, helping Joe Saunders (16 - 7) win his second straight decision--just his second victory in nine starts. The Angels had hit back-to-back homers three other times this year.
Saunders pitched seven scoreless innings, allowed six hits, struck out four and walked three in an efficient 87-pitch performance.
The Angels, still dealing with injuries to several key starters, doubled their run total from the first two games of the series. They lost 8 - 1 on Tuesday and then 3 - 2 Wednesday night.
The A's had their four - game winning streak snapped and were trying to match their season-best stretch of five straight victories, which they accomplished from April 8 - 12 and again from May 21 - 27. Oakland hasn't swept a series since taking all three at San Francisco from June 13 - 15--a span of 25 series.
Oakland loaded the bases with no outs in the ninth on a hit by pitch and two walks, then pinch-hitter Carlos Gonzalez singled in the A's first run.
After Jose Arredondo struck out pinch-hitter Travis Buck, Rodriguez entered and recorded the final two outs for his 59th save in 66 chances after blowing an opportunity Wednesday. Pinch-hitter Jack Cust drew a bases-loaded walk from Rodriguez, Oakland scored another run on Aaron Cunningham's groundout and Kurt Suzuki singled in a run.
The A's had loaded the bases against Saunders with no outs in the fourth but couldn't capitalize. Saunders retired Jack Hannahan on a called third strike to escape the jam unscathed.
Oakland manager Bob Geren was pleased to see his team fight back after the three - homer inning.
Oakland's Jeff Baisley singled in the third for his first major league hit after starting 0 - for - 12. He singled again in the seventh.