MIAMI--A downpour led to an early exit for Cole Hamels on a long night for the Philadelphia Phillies. Yet they keep winning, rain or shine.
Chase Utley hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the 12th inning, and the Phillies extended their winning streak to seven games by beating the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Friday.
The Phils were up 4 - 1 when Hamels left after a rain delay of one hour, 18 minutes midway through the sixth inning.
With the score 4-all, Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th with a single against Burke Badenhop (5 - 4), took second on a sacrifice and came home on Utley's single. Utley advanced on a groundout, and following an intentional walk, Werth singled home another run.
Brad Lidge, pitching for the first time in a week, struggled to earn his 19th save in 25 chances. He walked two and gave up a run on a wild pitch before Dan Uggla grounded into the final out with a runner at third at 12:34 a.m.
Philadelphia's Chad Durbin allowed the first two batters to reach in the bottom of the ninth, then retired the next three to preserve a tie. Florida stranded 13 runners, including seven in innings seven through nine.
Clay Condrey (5 - 2), activated from the disabled list before the game, allowed one hit in the 11th and got the win.
The Phillies, who have won 11 of their past 12 games, increased their lead in the NL East to six games over Florida and Atlanta. The Phils have won seven games in a row in Miami, including five this season.
Philadelphia improved to 28 - 15 on the road, best in the majors.
Utley also hit a two - run shot in the first inning for his 21st homer. Werth and Pedro Feliz had RBI hits in the fourth.
Hamels allowed four hits and threw 52 of his 68 pitches for strikes but remained winless in five career starts in Miami.
The Marlins tied it with two runs in the eighth. Hanley Ramirez led off with a single, advanced on a groundout and came home on Ronny Paulino's two - out single. Jeremy Hermida walked against J. C. Romero, and Durbin gave up an RBI single to pinch-hitter Wes Helms.
Durbin struck out Chris Coghlan with the bases loaded to end the inning.
Rollins doubled to start the game and scored on Utley's homer against Ricky Nolasco.
Nolasco pitched six innings and gave up seven hits, including four in a row in the fourth inning. Ryan Howard and Raul Ibanez singled, Werth hit an RBI single and Feliz doubled home a run for a 4 - 1 lead.
Coghlan hit the Marlins' first leadoff first-inning homer of the season. Pinch-hitter Ross Gload singled home a run in the seventh, and Paulino hit a two - out RBI single--his third hit--in the eighth.