KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)--Aubrey Huff was surprised when the Kansas City Royals decided to intentionally walk Nick Markakis in the fifth inning. He quickly focused on delivering a clutch hit for the Baltimore Orioles.
Huff hit a tiebreaking three - run homer and Baltimore beat Kansas City 7 - 4 Friday night for its 11th straight victory over the Royals. Melvin Mora also homered and Steve Trachsel earned his first victory since April 4.
Huff was just 3 - for - 20 with seven strikeouts against Royals starter Gil Meche before the home run.
Orioles manager Dave Trembley understood why the Royals walked Markakis, who hit a three - run homer Thursday, to get to Huff.
Said Royals manager Trey Hillman: "The intentional walk was because I think Huff is less dangerous at this point and time than Markakis. Nick's more dangerous on all pitches."
Huff, who has hit safely in 18 of his past 20 games, went deep with two outs in the fifth to make it 5 - 2. Freddie Bynum led off the inning with a single.
Mora hit a two - out homer in the third with Bynum aboard after a double.
Trachsel (2 - 4), who was winless in his last five starts, gave up two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings. He lasted just three innings in each of his previous two starts, allowing 11 runs and 12 hits with seven walks in six innings.
Alex Gordon hit a two - run drive off Trachsel in the first for his team-best fifth homer of the season. He also had a run-scoring single in the seventh for a season-best three RBIs.
Trachsel pitched out of a one - out jam in the second with runners on second and third by retiring Alberto Callaspo and David DeJesus on grounders.
The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the sixth on walks to Gordon, Mark Grudzielanek and Jose Guillen, but Matt Albers got Ross Gload to ground into an inning-ending double play.
Meche (2 - 5) went five innings for the Royals, allowing five runs and six hits. His ERA ballooned to 6.31.
The Orioles tacked on two runs in the seventh. Markakis scored on Ramon Ramirez's wild pitch and Kevin Millar singled in Huff.
George Sherrill worked the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities.