LOS ANGELES--The Colorado Rockies' injury-depleted rotation has given Jhoulys Chacin an opportunity to show manager Jim Tracy what he can do.
And he hasn't disappointed.
Chacin made his second stellar start for the Rockies, who knocked out knuckleballer Charlie Haeger during a six - run first inning and beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 0 on Saturday night.
Ian Stewart hit a two - run homer and RBI single among his three hits. Carlos Gonzales had a three - run double in support of Chacin (2 - 0), who has filled in brilliantly while Jorge De La Rosa and Jason Hammel have been on the disabled list.
The 22-year-old right-hander scattered six hits over 7 1/3 innings, struck out seven and walked two. Last Sunday, he beat the Giants 4 - 1 at San Francisco with seven innings of one - hit ball for his first big league victory.
Left fielder Manny Ramirez was activated from the 15-day disabled list and singled in four at-bats in his return to the Dodgers' lineup, after missing 14 games because of a right calf strain.
Andre Ethier was 3 for 3, increasing his major league-leading average to.394. But the only other hit the Dodgers got off Chacin during the first seven innings was a single by Russell Martin.
Haeger (0 - 4) lasted only 22 pitches--14 balls--and did not retire any of the five batters he faced. All of them scored, raising the right-hander's ERA to 8.49.
Seth Smith opened the game with a single and the next three batters walked, including Troy Tulowitzki on four pitches to force in a run. Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt went to the mound for a few words with Haeger, who got ahead of Gonzalez 1 - 2 before the Rockies' RBIs leader lined a triple inside first base to increase his season total to 25. Gonzalez has 18 in his last 11 games.
Manager Joe Torre yanked Haeger and brought in Ramon Ortiz, who promptly gave up Stewart's sixth homer. The Rockies have only two home runs in their last eight games, including Stewart's 12th-inning solo shot in Wednesday's 6 - 5 win at San Diego.
Haeger became the first Dodgers pitcher to start a game and not record an out since Aug. 8, 1988, at Houston, when right-hander Shawn Hillegas was pulled by Tommy Lasorda after four batters.