WASHINGTON--For the first time in his big league career, Ryan Zimmerman is on a team that heads into the All-Star break with a.500 record.
He even coined a new term, calling the 46 - 46 mark for his Washington Nationals at this point of the season a "mini-accomplishment."
Jordan Zimmermann took a shutout into the seventh inning, Roger Bernadina and Rick Ankiel provided the offense, and Washington beat the Colorado Rockies 2 - 0 Sunday to get to the Midsummer Classic at.500 for the first time since 2005.
Washington was 52 - 36 at the All-Star break in 2005, the team's first year in the nation's capital after moving from Montreal, but finished that season 81 - 81.
Nationals manager Davey Johnson was asked whether that break-even record holds significance for an organization that finished with more than 100 losses in both 2008 and 2009.
Sunday's result amounted to a rout for the Nationals, whose previous 10 victories had come by either one run or in extra innings. They ended a three - game losing streak, too--and each of those defeats were by a single run.
Zimmermann (6 - 7) went 6 1/3 innings, allowing four singles. He also struck out six and didn't walk anyone, continuing his impressive return from reconstructive elbow surgery.
He used that sweeping pitch to strike out Mark Ellis, the second batter of the game.
Still, Zimmermann nearly was matched by Colorado's Jhoulys Chacin (8 - 7), who gave up one run and four hits in seven innings.
Said Ellis: "You just hate to waste a pitching performance like we had today."
Bernadina hit a broken-bat RBI single in the sixth, while Ankiel hit his third homer of the season, off reliever Matt Reynolds in the eighth.
Zimmermann has pitched at least six innings in 13 consecutive outings, but because the Nationals have him on a restricted innings count this season--and because the temperature was 88 degrees at the start on a muggy afternoon--Johnson removed the righty after 88 pitches.
It probably did not hurt Zimmermann that Rockies manager Jim Tracy held three starting position players out of the lineup so they'd get an extended rest because of the midseason break that begins Monday: Carlos Gonzalez, who recently missed four games with a bruised right wrist; Ty Wigginton and Chris Iannetta.
The Rockies fell to 43 - 48; they were above.500 at this point of each of the last two seasons.
Now the Nationals finally get to feel what that's like again.