PITTSBURGH (AP)--Zach Duke had never beaten the Houston Astros. Roy Oswalt couldn't lose to the Pittsburgh Pirates.
That has all changed, thanks in part to a light-hitting catcher.
Duke allowed two runs over 7 2/3 innings and Raul Chavez drove in three runs to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Astros on Wednesday night.
Duke (3 - 4) gave up seven hits, struck out two and walked two. He was lifted after allowing a two - out walk to Miguel Tejada in the eighth. The left-hander had his longest outing of the season and won for the first time in seven career starts against Houston.
Duke kept the Astros off balance throughout the game, effectively mixing his slider with his changeup. Pirates manager John Russell called it his best performance of the season.
Ty Wigginton hit a solo home run and Carlos Lee had an RBI single for the Astros, who have lost six of seven, scoring 10 runs in that stretch.
Houston manager Cecil Cooper had no answers on how to get his team of its offensive funk.
Oswalt (4 - 6) lost to the Pirates for the first time since April 25, 2005. He went six innings, allowed three earned runs and nine hits, struck out four and walked one. Before Wednesday night, Oswalt was 5 - 0 with a 1.84 ERA in his past eight starts against the Pirates.
Trailing 1 - 0, Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth.
Adam LaRoche broke an 0 - for - 18 slump with an RBI single that tied the game. With runners on second and third base and two outs, the Astros chose to pitch to Chavez, the Pirates' No. 8 hitter who came into the game hitting.231 with two RBIs.
Chavez, who played with Houston for parts of five seasons, doubled his total with a single that gave the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead.
Chavez added a sacrifice fly in the eighth that made it 5 - 2.
Chavez was recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis on May 14 when Ryan Doumit was injured and has received a majority of the playing time since. Chavez, who is in the major leagues for the first time since getting 28 at-bats with Baltimore in 2006, was hitting.306 at the time of his recall.
Xavier Nady, who entered the game 1 - for - 17 lifetime against Oswalt, went 2 - for - 3. Freddy Sanchez was 2 - for - 4, as every Pittsburgh starter had at least one hit.