CHICAGO--This time, the only thing perfect about Mark Buehrle's outing against Tampa Bay was the Rays' approach at the plate.
Facing Buehrle for the first time since his July 23 perfect game against them, the Rays knocked the White Sox ace out of the game in the fifth inning Wednesday night and went on to beat Chicago 12 - 0.
Longoria, Jason Bartlett and Sean Rodriguez had three hits apiece as Tampa Bay won for the eighth time in nine games. The attack backed an outstanding performance by Rays rookie Wade Davis (1 - 1), who allowed two hits in six innings.
Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen gave his team a pep talk after a fifth loss in six games. The last-place White Sox already trail AL Central-leading Minnesota by six games and are batting.217.
Even having Mr. Perfect in the mound couldn't change Chicago's fortunes.
Buehrle struck out the side in the first inning and retired Carlos Pena on a liner to open the second--making it 31 up and 31 down in the lefty's last two games against the Rays--before B. J. Upton poked a double down the right-field line.
It was the first of several soft, opposite-field hits for the Rays.
Buehrle (2 - 2), who allowed six runs on nine hits in 4 2/3 innings, said both the perfect game and Wednesday's outcome illustrate baseball's luck factor.
Another difference between Wednesday and July 23: Rodriguez was in Tampa Bay's lineup this time.
Acquired from the Los Angeles Angels last September, Rodriguez was a spring-training sensation with a.460 average and six homers. During the season, however, he had struggled, entering the game batting.160 with no extra-base hits.
Rodriguez, playing for only the second time in a week, doubled to right in the third and scored the first run on Bartlett's single. His RBI single capped a four - run fourth that broke open the game. He added a three - run homer off Tony Pena during a six - run sixth.
Davis allowed Juan Pierre's bunt single to start the game and walked three of the next five batters before settling down. He didn't walk anybody else and the only other hit he allowed was Pierre's line-drive single in the sixth. He struck out six.
The 24-year-old right-hander has a 2.65 ERA, and he hasn't been intimidated despite going up against All-Star pitchers CC Sabathia, Josh Beckett and Buehrle in his three starts.