MIAMI--Pittsburgh Pirates manager Clint Hurdle is having fun watching Ivan Nova pitch.
Nova pitched a three - hitter and the Pirates beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 0 on Saturday night.
Nova (3 - 2) struck out seven and did not walk a batter in the 95-pitch masterpiece. It was his fifth complete game in 16 starts with Pittsburgh since being acquired from the New York Yankees last August.
He retired 11 in a row at one point in handing Miami its fourth straight loss.
Nova continued his impressive start to the season, which includes walking just one batter over 27 innings as he lowered his ERA to 1.50 while tossing his second complete game and the eighth of his career.
John Jaso homered and drove in two runs, Jordy Mercer knocked in a run, and Gregory Polanco had two doubles for the Pirates, who have won three straight.
Dan Straily (1 - 2) nearly matched Nova through five innings allowing only one run before running into trouble in the sixth when he allowed a base hit followed by three consecutive walks including Cervelli with the bases loaded ending his outing.
Brad Ziegler came in and walked Jaso with the bases loaded giving the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead.
Straily allowed three runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings. He struck out five after a 14-strikeout performance in his last start at San Diego.
Jaso's home run in the ninth, his first of the season, pushed the Pittsburgh lead to 4 - 0.
Polanco doubled down the left-field line to lead off the second inning. Mercer drove in Polanco with a two - out single up the middle for the early lead.
Pittsburgh third baseman Josh Harrison made an impressive diving catch midway up the third-base line on a bunt attempt by Dee Gordon in the sixth.
Harrison also made another impressive defensive play in the eighth when he dived to his left on a hard-hit grounder by J. T. Realmuto to start a double play.
McCUTCHEN EXTENDS ON-BASE STREAK
Pittsburgh's Andrew McCutchen reached base with a walk in the sixth to extend his streak of reaching base to 18 games, the longest active streak in the majors.