OAKLAND, Calif.--Vernon Wells would be thrilled to have a more regular role down the stretch as the Los Angeles Angels chase a playoff spot they believe is still right within reach.
Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in a three - hit day, Wells had a solo shot and RBI single, and the Angels snapped the Oakland Athletics' season-best nine - game winning streak with an 8 - 3 win Monday.
Wells earned himself another start Tuesday from manager Mike Scioscia. The outfielder missed 55 games this summer with a right thumb injury and is no longer a constant in the lineup since returning July 27.
C. J. Wilson (11 - 9) pitched five innings while dealing with a blister and shut down the red-hot Athletics in the Angels' sixth victory in the last seven. Oakland had all the momentum coming off a commanding sweep of the Red Sox in which the A's outscored Boston 33 - 5.
Torii Hunter led off the third with a solo homer and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth for the Angels. Wells hit his 10th homer to start the fourth and No. 9 hitter Iannetta connected in the sixth.
Wilson outpitched fellow lefty Tommy Milone (11 - 10) to win back-to-back starts for the first time since June 19 and 26.
Josh Donaldson hit a leadoff homer in the fifth and Josh Reddick added an RBI single for the A's, who lead the AL wild-card race. They have homered in 10 straight games and have 22 during that stretch.
Chris Carter hit a solo drive in the eighth off LaTroy Hawkins. But Oakland missed a chance to tie the club's longest winning streak since a 10-gamer during their last playoff season of 2006.
Milone was knocked out of the game after giving up five runs in a season-low three innings. The rookie's 10 hits allowed matched the most he has given up this year and he lost for the first time in four starts.
And the Angels failed to do more damage in the first inning. Mike Trout and Hunter each singled to start the game before Albert Pujols grounded into a double play and Mark Trumbo flied out.
Trout also stole his AL-leading 43rd base in the sixth. Wells, not known to be the most patient at the plate, drew two walks, reached base four times, scored two runs and had his third steal.
The Angels won this one the way the A's had been doing it in recent days: jumping on the opposing starting pitcher right away.
Wells and Iannetta hit consecutive RBI singles in the second for Los Angeles, trying to gain ground on the A's in the wild card.
Iannetta is batting.386 (22 for 57) with 12 RBIs over his last 16 games.
Scioscia said before the game he is unsure whether Jered Weaver (16 - 4) will be able to pitch Friday as planned back home against Detroit. Weaver was struck on the right arm by a line drive from Dustin Ackley's bat in the fifth inning of his loss Sunday at Seattle.
Yet Weaver believes he will be ready.