NEW YORK--Justin Verlander tamed the New York Yankees, then toyed with their fans.
Verlander slowed the highest-scoring team in the majors, picking off a familiar opponent by pitching the Houston Astros past New York 5 - 1 on Monday.
Facing the only club in baseball that hasn't been shut out this season, Verlander (7 - 2) blanked the Yankees until Greg Bird hit a leadoff home run in the seventh.
When he left later in the inning with a major league-best 1.11 ERA, Verlander got a cheer from a solid contingent of Astros fans wearing bright orange behind the dugout--and even louder jeers from the local fans.
Verlander enjoyed the moment, taking off his cap and waving it toward the Bronx boobirds.
Verlander said he was surprised--he seemed disappointed, in fact--that he didn't draw more catcalls when his name was announced in pregame introductions.
As they separate themselves from all other rivals, the Yankees, Red Sox and Astros might duel for the top spot all summer long.
J. D. Davis hit an early three - run homer, and Jose Altuve had a solo drive, helping Houston win for the sixth time in eight games.
Closer Ken Giles, tagged Sunday as the Astros blew a five - run lead in the ninth at Cleveland, pitched the final inning and worked around a leadoff single.
Verlander has dominated the Yankees in his most recent outings. He was the MVP of the AL Championship Series in October, going 2 - 0 and limiting New York to one run in 16 innings while striking out 21.
Earlier this month, Verlander pitched eight shutout innings against the Yankees and fanned 14. This time, Verlander allowed five hits in 6 2/3 innings, fanning five without a walk.
In 12 starts this year, the big righty has permitted only 10 earned runs.
For all the heat Verlander brought to the plate, the best toss he made might've been a throw in the opposite direction. The Astros led 3 - 0 when the Yankees put runners at first and second with two outs in the second.
With Miguel Andujar at the plate, Verlander pivoted and picked rookie Gleyber Torres off second base to escape.
Davis hit his first homer of the season, connecting in the second off Domingo German (0 - 3). Altuve, whose team-record run of 10 straight hits ended Sunday, added his fourth home run in the eighth.