BALTIMORE--For 11 innings, the Seattle Mariners and Baltimore Orioles couldn't even come close to scoring a run.
The Mariners broke the trend in the top of the 12th, and Baltimore did them one better in the bottom half.
J. J. Hardy singled in two runs with the bases-loaded in the 12th, and the Orioles rallied for a 2 - 1 victory Thursday night to complete a three - game sweep.
After Miguel Olivo singled in the game's first run, the Orioles bounced back in their half against Brandon League (0 - 3). Lee hit a leadoff single, and League hit Vladimir Guerrero and Adam Jones with pitches to load the bases with no outs.
Matt Wieters hit a liner that shortstop Luis Rodriguez snagged with a dive, but Hardy followed with a bouncer up the middle that scored Lee and pinch-runner Jake Fox, who easily beat the throw with a headfirst slide.
Hardy was mobbed by his teammates, who celebrated their second extra-inning comeback in the series. Two nights earlier, Baltimore scored twice in the 13th for a 7 - 6 win.
League hit only two batters with pitches all last year. He was 9 for 9 in save opportunities before blowing two in three games against the Orioles.
Ichiro Suzuki led off the 12th with an infield single off Jim Johnson (2 - 1), Seattle's first hit since the fifth inning. Two straight groundouts got Suzuki to third base, and Olivo lined a single past third baseman Cesar Izturis for a 1 - 0 lead.
It wouldn't last.
Orioles rookie Zach Britton and Seattle left-hander Jason Vargas both went nine innings in an outstanding pitching duel that couldn't be decided until after both left the game.
Britton gave up three hits, struck out five and walked none in the longest outing of his brief big league career. The left-hander did not allow a runner past first base and retired the final 13 batters he faced.
Vargas yielded seven hits, walked one and struck out four. He had only two perfect innings but was aided by three double plays.
After playing their first 34 games without going into extra innings, the Mariners have been extended beyond the ninth in three of their last four. They lost all three.
There were only a few scoring threats before the 12th inning.
Mark Reynolds led off the eighth with a walk, the first issued by either starter. Pinch-runner Felix Pie advanced on a bunt by Robert Andino, but Brian Roberts grounded out and Nick Markakis looked at a third strike.
In the Seattle 10th, Justin Smoak drew a leadoff walk from Kevin Gregg and advanced on a bunt. Jack Cust received an intentional walk before Mike Wilson, making his first major league start, bounced into a double play.
The Mariners turned a double play in each of the first three innings, making it five straight games in which they recorded at least two DPs. The last time Seattle had such a streak was August 8 - 12, 2009.