WASHINGTON--As he nears the end of his rookie season, Mets pitcher Zack Wheeler has talked lately about being tired.
On Saturday night, he made the Washington Nationals look listless.
Wheeler pitched effectively into the seventh inning and New York piled up a season-high 17 hits in routing the Nationals 11 - 3.
Wheeler (7 - 3) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 2/3 innings, striking out three and walking one. Since the start of July, the touted rookie is 6 - 2 with a 2.96 ERA.
Eric Young Jr., Daniel Murphy, Josh Satin and Juan Lagares had three hits apiece for New York, which scored 11 runs for the second time in three days and won its third straight.
The news wasn't all good for the injury-riddled Mets, though. Ike Davis left with a strained muscle on his right side after hitting a sacrifice fly in the third, and Collins said the first baseman is probably done for the season.
The Nationals, who dropped 7 1/2 games behind Cincinnati for the second NL wild card, have lost the first two games of the series.
Denard Span had three hits for Washington, extending his hitting streak to 14 games.
Dan Haren (8 - 12) allowed seven runs and nine hits in 2 2/3 innings, his shortest start of the season.
The Mets have won 10 of Wheeler's 14 starts, and he improved to 5 - 0 with a 2.19 ERA on the road.
Wheeler allowed two runs in the sixth but went back out for the seventh, getting the first two outs before he gave up a single and was pulled after 99 pitches.
Wheeler responded, "My (velocity) is not up so obviously I'm a little tired, but once you get out there and get going, you don't even know about it."
The win was tempered by the loss of Davis, who was demoted to the minors in June. Now, he's likely headed to the disabled list.
Davis hit.290 (20 for 69) in August.
Haren, who had been pitching well since a stint on the DL, has given up 11 earned runs over 9 2/3 innings in his last two starts.
The Mets got two in the second. With one out, Travis d'Arnaud and Lagares singled. After Haren fanned Matt den Dekker, Omar Quintanilla hit a drive to right-center just beyond the reach of a diving Span for a two - run double.
In the third, the Mets sent 11 batters to the plate. Young led off with a single, stole second and scored on a single by Murphy. With Murphy running, Satin singled to left, putting runners on first and third.
Davis drove in Murphy with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0. After d'Arnaud singled, Lagares singled to right, and Jayson Werth's throw to the plate cut down Satin. But den Dekker followed with his first major league hit, a single that scored d'Arnaud and ended Haren's night.
Consecutive walks, the second one to Wheeler, forced in a run, and Young capped the inning with a two - run single to make it 8 - 0.
Washington got two back in the sixth on Werth's sacrifice fly and Ian Desmond's RBI single.