SAN DIEGO--The Kansas City Royals had to work overtime to end a season-high, five - game losing streak and get their first win at Petco Park.
Alex Gordon singled in the go-ahead run with one out in the 11th inning and pinch-hitter Billy Butler followed with an RBI double to give the Royals a 3 - 1 victory against the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night.
The Royals also got great pitching from starter Jeremy Guthrie and relievers Wade Davis and Greg Holland, who held San Diego to one run on six hits.
Eric Hosmer started the winning rally when he hit a leadoff double to center off Nick Vincent (0 - 1). Gordon singled to right with one out and Hosmer beat the throw home with a headfirst slide, touching the plate with his left hand.
Butler then doubled in Gordon.
Davis (2 - 1) pitched two innings of one - hit ball for the victory, striking out four. Greg Holland, who blew the save Monday night, pitched the 11th for his eighth save in nine chances.
Guthrie went a season-high eight innings, allowing one run and four hits, with two strikeouts and one walk.
The Padres were denied their first three - game winning streak of the season.
The teams played extra innings for the second straight night. San Diego won 6 - 5 in 12 innings Monday night.
The Royals had a scoring chance in the ninth against Huston Street. Alcides Escobar singled to center and stole second and third, all with one out. He tried to score on Lorenzo Cain's pop foul down the first-base line but was thrown out by Kyle Blanks to end the inning.
Each starter gave up a home run.
San Diego's Yasmani Grandal homered for the second straight game, a solo shot to right field off Guthrie with one out in the fourth for a 1 - 0 lead. It was his fourth, moving him into the team lead. Grandal hit a tying three - run shot in the sixth inning Monday night.
Salvador Perez tied it with a homer leading off the sixth off San Diego's Robbie Erlin. It was Perez's third.
Erlin got a no-decision after losing his previous four starts. He allowed one run and three hits in seven innings, struck out five and walked four.