The Washington Wizards defeated the Indiana Pacers, 111 - 102, at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday evening. The Wizards (31 - 22) have somehow managed to continue rolling along despite the absence of John Wall, as they came into the contest with a perfect 40 record since the All-Star point guard went down to a knee injury. Washington was facing an equally surging team in the Pacers (30 - 25) on Monday, however, so the battle promised to be a hard - fought one. As they've tended to do recently, the visitors got off to a quick start by building a 28 - 23 first - quarter lead. They'd expanded their advantage to 58 - 49 by halftime, but a short - handed Indiana squad that was missing their starting backcourt of Darren Collison (knee) and Victor Oladipo (illness) continued to battle. Ultimately, though, the Wizards were able to pull away in the fourth, never letting the Pacers get closer than eight points. Washington got it done with red - hot shooting and strong rebounding, as they tallied a 55 percent success rate from the field and won the battle on the glass by a 43 - 35 margin. Bradley Beal led the way with 21 points for the Wizards and added three assists and one rebound. Kelly Oubre, Jr. followed with a bench - leading 15 points, a total he supplemented with seven rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Otto Porter, Jr. collected 13 points, three assists and two rebounds. Ian Mahinmi was productive on the second unit with 12 points, seven rebounds, one assist and two steals. Marcin Gortat and Markieff Morris produced matching 11 - point efforts, with the former also supplying nine rebounds and one assist and the latter registering 10 boards and a pair of dimes. Mike Scott poured in 11 of his own while also hauling in four boards and dishing out two assists. Jodie Meeks rounded a 50 - point night for the Washington bench with 10 points and three assists. Bojan Bogdanovic continued a recent offensive tear by leading the Pacers with 29 points. He also posted four rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Joe Young was next with 17 points, two rebounds and one steal in 28 minutes off the bench. Domantas Sabonis accounted for 15 points and added four rebounds and two assists. Lance Stephenson drew the start for Oladipo and contributed 13 points, nine rebounds, six assists and two steals. Cory Joseph wasn't as successful while filling in for Collison, totaling seven points, four assists and two rebounds. Both Thaddeus Young (seven points, seven rebounds, two assists and one steal) and Myles Turner (six points, five boards and one block) turned in underwhelming efforts. The Wizards look to continue their winning ways in a road tilt against the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday evening, while the Pacers next face off with the New Orleans Pelicans in the Big Easy on Wednesday night.