PHILADELPHIA--Francisco Liriano tossed eight dominant innings against Philadelphia. The only time the Phillies managed to score was in the ninth after Liriano's work was done.
Liriano struck out a season-high 12, and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Phillies 4 - 1 on Thursday night. He allowed only six baserunners.
Pittsburgh won for the seventh time in eight games to strengthen their hold on the second wild-card spot in the National League. Ike Davis and Neil Walker broke out of slumps with RBI hits, and the Pirates scored three times in the sixth inning.
Liriano (5 - 10) got rare run support from his teammates, who had scored three runs or fewer in 13 of the lefthander's last 17 appearances. He struck out at least 12 for the fifth time in his career and won his second consecutive decision.
He finished three strikeouts shy of his career-best of 15.
Mark Melancon allowed one of two runners left by Jared Hughes to score in the ninth, but earned his 29th save in 33 opportunities.
Philadelphia starter A. J. Burnett (8 - 16) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings.
Burnett, a member of the Pirates rotation last season, also was impressed by his former teammate Liriano.
Walker went 2 - for - 3 with a double, a run and an RBI, and Russell Martin singled, scored a run and drove in another for Pittsburgh, which took three of four from Philadelphia.
The Pirates got on the board when Davis, in a 2 - for - 18 slump, singled to score Martin in the second inning.
In the sixth, Walker--mired in a 1 - for - 14 rut--doubled in Travis Snider to make it 2 - 0. Martin added a sacrifice fly, and Gregory Polanco followed with an RBI single.
Liriano did the rest to make the lead hold up.
Josh Harrison, who entered with an NL-best.318 average, went 0 - for - 5 for Pittsburgh. He dropped to.314 and into second place behind Colorado's Justin Morneau.
The Phillies--who have lost six of seven--batted.156 (10 - for - 64) in their last two games against Pittsburgh. An RBI single in the ninth inning by Carlos Ruiz prevented their 14th shutout loss of the season.
Burnett, who led the NL in strikeouts last season while pitching for Pittsburgh, fanned seven Pirates.