MINNEAPOLIS--Ryan Carpenter turns 28 years old next week. The Detroit Tigers pitcher gave himself a nice early birthday gift on Saturday night: his first major league win.
Mikie Mahtook hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the fifth inning, Carpenter pitched into the sixth inning and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 7 - 5.
Joe Mauer, Tyler Austin, Miguel Sano and Mitch Garver homered for the Twins, who had won four straight.
The Twins had Carpenter (1 - 1) on the ropes early, as their first three batters reached base. But he wiggled out of trouble.
Mauer led off the game with a home run, Eddie Rosario followed with a single, and Jorge Polanco's double put runners on second and third with nobody out. But Carpenter fanned Sano, got Logan Forsythe on a lineout to third, and retired Max Kepler on fly ball to get out of the inning.
Austin hit a solo shot in the second inning and Sano followed suit in the third, but that was all the Twins could manage off Carpenter, who walked none and struck out three in 5 1/3 innings. Four relievers combined to close it out, with Shane Greene picking up the last four outs for his 26th save in 29 chances.
Mahtook's homer was his second of the year and came off reliever Tyler Duffey (1 - 2). Niko Goodrum was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth and Victor Martinez hit a grounder to first base. Mauer threw to second for the force and Goodrum initially was called out. But the call was overturned by a video review, and Mahtook followed with a no-doubt line drive deep into the left-field seats.
Twins starter Kohl Stewart, the fourth pick in the 2013 draft, made his first appearance at Target Field after debuting Aug. 12 in Detroit. He walked four in just 2 2/3 innings and the Tigers chased him with a three - run third inning.
He was a pitch away from getting out of the inning unscathed, but with the bases loaded and two outs he hit Mahtook with a 1 - 2 fastball to score the Tigers' first run. Ronny Rodriguez followed with a two - run double and Stewart's night was done.