NEW YORK--CC Sabathia stood near his locker in the back of the oval Yankees clubhouse while excited teammates celebrated New York's return to the postseason.
With some help from one of the old guard, the next generation of Yankees will have a chance to make their mark in the playoffs.
Ending a rare two - year absence from the postseason, New York clinched a wild-card berth with three games to spare by beating the Boston Red Sox 4 - 1 on Thursday night for the franchise's 10,000th regular-season win.
There is plenty of time to analyze the Yankees' chances on Tuesday and beyond. For now, they are savoring going back to their old stomping grounds.
The Yankees are back in the postseason after a two - year absence. The story of their 2015 has been a reliance on both new faces and familiar ones.
The Yankees beat the Red Sox to finally wrap up a spot in the postseason, returning to the playoffs after a two - year absence.
Putting behind the venerated teams of Derek Jeter and Mariano Rivera, New York (87 - 72) opens its 52nd postseason with a winner-take-all game Tuesday. Alex Rodriguez and the Yankees most likely will face the Houston Astros or Los Angeles Angels.
Alex Rodriguez and the Yankees could face Houston--which leads the race for the second wild card--or the Angels or Minnesota, tied a game behind the Astros.
Masahiro Tanaka is lined up to pitch the wild-card game, with the winner advancing to a division series against East champion Toronto or Central winner Kansas City.
Carlos Beltran homered along with rookies Greg Bird and Robert Refsnyder on a drizzly, chilly evening that made sultry summer days seem long ago. Sabathia (6 - 10) allowed one run in five innings to win for the second time since the All-Star break.
New York had failed to reach the playoffs in consecutive years for the first time since its 1982 - 93 drought, just before the start of a golden age that included five World Series titles and seven American League pennants from 1996 to 2009.
But these Yankees bear little resemblance to even their last postseason team of 36 months ago. Among the players swept by Detroit in the 2012 AL Championship Series, only Rodriguez, Brett Gardner, Mark Teixeira and Sabathia remain, and Teixeira will miss this postseason because of a broken leg.
Now Beltran, Jacoby Ellsbury, Chase Headley, Brian McCann and Didi Gregorius support a creaky starting rotation, a strong back end of the bullpen and sputtering middle relievers. Rodriguez, 40, played a big part, too, hitting 33 home runs after serving a drug suspension last season.
After Dellin Betances struck out Josh Rutledge to end it, the Yankees jogged onto the field to congratulate each other, along the lines of a normal win. Rookie catcher John Ryan Murphy and Betances did a little jumping, and the crowd, which seemed less than half the 40,033 tickets sold for the first night of October baseball, stood and applauded.
Players then put on goggles in the clubhouse as they sprayed champagne.
While the Yankees poured bubbly on their navy carpet for the first time since beating Baltimore in the 2012 division series, a wild card isn't what they expected. New York led the AL East by seven games before play on July 29 but has been a.500 club since then. The Yankees had never before failed to finish first in a season in which they led by more than six games.
After losing the first three games of the series, New York built a 2 - 0 lead in the second against former Yankee Rich Hill (2 - 1), who revived his career this summer during a stint with the Long Island Ducks of the independent Atlantic League. Beltran hit his 19th homer, an opposite-field drive over the right-field scoreboard, and No. 9 hitter Brendan Ryan singled in a run for his first RBI since July 31.
Sabathia (6 - 10), who gave up an RBI single to Mookie Betts in the fifth, is 2 - 1 with a 2.17 ERA in five starts since returning from the disabled list and wrapping a tighter brace around his surgically repaired right knee. Adam Warren pitched three scoreless innings that included a behind-the-legs glove stop of Sandy Leon's grounder for the final out of the sixth with a man on.
Bird homered off Jean Machi in the seventh, and Refsnyder added an insurance run by homering off Heath Hembree in the eighth, his second career homer. Betances closed with three straight outs for his ninth save in 13 chances.
Sabathia thought back to his late-summer stint on the DL.
But now Sabathia was excited "to be able to pop champagne and exhale for a second."