DENVER (AP)--Jeff Baker and Omar Quintanilla are short-term solutions for the Colorado Rockies. They hope they're playing their way into the team's long-term plans.
Baker homered and scored three runs and Quintanilla went 2 - for - 3 with two RBIs as the Rockies beat the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night 4 - 2.
Jeff Francis (3 - 6) pitched into the seventh and gave up one earned run to earn his second win in his last four starts. Aaron Laffey (4 - 4) lost for the first time since May 22 and for just the second time since April 28.
Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances.
Quintanilla and Baker have been getting more playing time at shortstop and second base, respectively, because of injuries to Troy Tulowitzki and Clint Barmes. With those players expected back within a week, Baker and Quintanilla are showing they belong in the mix.
Baker, who hit an inside-the-park home run in Tuesday's game, got the Rockies on the board first in the second inning. He hit a one - out double to left, Chris Iannetta was hit by a pitch and Quintanilla doubled down the right-field like to make it 1 - 0.
Baker led off the fourth with his third home run to make it 2 - 0.
Francis cruised through the first five innings, allowing just three hits and no walks.
The Indians got to Francis in the sixth when Jamey Carroll doubled home Grady Sizemore with one out. The Rockies got the run right back in their half of the sixth when Baker reached on a fielder's choice, stole second and scored on Quintanilla's single to left to make it 3 - 1.
Shin-Soo Choo's sacrifice fly in the seventh inning trimmed the lead to one, but for the second inning in a row Cleveland had three base runners but managed to push across just one run.
Francis pitched out of the jam in the sixth, and Jason Grilli worked out of trouble in the seventh.
The Rockies capitalized on Cleveland's lack of clutch hitting and quickly made it a two - run cushion. Willy Taveras led off the seventh with a single, stole second, moved to third on catcher Kelly Shoppach's throwing error and scored on Ryan Spilborghs' sacrifice fly
The Rockies have won 10 of their last 14 and clinched their fifth straight series with Wednesday's victory.