PHOENIX--Down by seven runs in the fifth inning, the Florida Marlins kept on hacking.
They didn't stop until they had scored a franchise-record 10 runs in the eighth inning and stormed back for a 14 - 7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Thursday night.
Pinch-hitter Brett Carroll's three - run homer was the biggest hit in the biggest inning in team history.
Florida matched the team record for the biggest comeback victory and Arizona set a club record for the largest blown lead.
And it was a stinging defeat for Arizona, which snapped a five - game winning streak. When Florida's eighth inning finally ended, the remnants of a Chase Field crowd of 21,558 stood and applauded derisively.
Florida trailed 7 - 0 after five innings but rallied with three runs in the sixth and one in the seventh. Then the Marlins hit Arizona with the 10-spot in the eighth to make a winner of Kiko Calero (2 - 0).
The Marlins sent 14 batters to the plate in the eighth against three relievers--Juan Gutierrez, Scott Schoeneweis (1 - 1) and Blaine Boyer.
After pinch-hitter Ross Gload drove in the first run with a fielder's choice grounder, Carroll hit a fastball from Schoeneweis for a three - run homer, giving Florida an 8 - 7 lead. It was Carroll's first career pinch-hit homer and the first by a Marlin this season.
The carnage was only beginning.
Dan Uggla, Cody Ross and Jeremy Hermida followed with RBI singles, and John Baker drove in a run with a double.
Another run scored on a passed ball charged to Luke Carlin, and the final run came in on Gload's second RBI fielder's choice grounder of the inning.
The Diamondbacks helped out with two errors--one by Boyer and another by Mark Reynolds--as their frustrated fans unleashed a torrent of boos.
Three pinch-hitters--Gload, Carroll and Hanley Ramirez--each batted twice in the inning.
Arizona began building its lead in the first inning. Justin Upton broke out of a 1 - for - 12 slump with a two - run homer just inside the left field foul pole off Andrew Miller, who lasted only 2 2/3 innings, his shortest outing.
Arizona's lead grew to 7 - 0 through five innings. But the Marlins closed to 7 - 3 in the sixth on a two - run shot by Jorge Cantu to the left field seats and a solo homer by Hermida to the pool area in right-center field, both off Arizona starter Yusmeiro Petit.
The Marlins made it 7 - 4 in the seventh on Chris Coghlan's RBI double.