DENVER (AP)--Tim Redding had a feeling that if he kept the Nationals close, they'd find a way to win. He was right.
Redding settled down after a rough start and Washington rallied from an early three - run deficit to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 4 on Monday night, the fourth straight win for the Nationals.
Redding (8 - 6) gave up three runs in the first before settling down and getting his first win in nearly a month. Redding had lost four straight starts since beating Houston 10 - 0 on July 10.
That's a strong statement, given the Nationals were facing Rockies ace Aaron Cook, who was looking to move into a tie for the major league lead with his 15th win.
It didn't happen.
Cook (14 - 7) gave up seven runs--four earned--in 5 2/3 innings and lost for the first time since July 6. It was just the third time in 24 starts this season he has failed to pitch at least six innings.
Willie Harris homered and had three RBIs for the Nationals, who had lost nine in a row prior to their current streak.
It was a disappointing start to a key homestand for the Rockies, who play seven games against the Nationals and San Diego Padres--the teams with the two worst records in the NL--before hosting first-place Arizona. The Rockies began the day seven games behind the Diamondbacks in the NL West.
Trailing 3 - 1, the Nationals got to Colorado's ace in the third. Redding and Emilio Bonifacio singled, and Cook threw the ball into left field trying to force out Redding at third on Harris' bunt, allowing both runners to score.
Washington took a 5 - 3 lead on a throwing error by Troy Tulowitzki later in the inning.
The Nationals added two more in the sixth on a triple by Bonifacio and a single by Harris, chasing Cook.
Redding left after giving up a single and a walk to start the Rockies' sixth. Reliever Saul Rivera got out of the jam after Garrett Atkins scored on a groundout to make it 7 - 4.
Harris hit a two - run homer in the eighth, his ninth of the year, to give Washington a five - run lead.
The Rockies looked like they would run away with the game in the first inning. Clint Barmes led off with a single, Tulowitzki walked and Matt Holliday doubled in a run. Brad Hawpe followed with a two - run single to right to make it 3 - 0.
Jesus Flores cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a one - out home run in the second, his eighth of the season.