SAN DIEGO--Andrew McCutchen paused a bit as he rounded first base after hitting his third home run Sunday, wanting to make sure that it was indeed gone before finishing his trot.
It was. The ball hit the right-field foul pole and bounced onto the field, causing a moment of confusion before one of the umps signaled homer.
McCutchen's big day backed Gerrit Cole, who pitched seven innings of five - hit ball for the Pirates.
It was just the second win in eight games for the Pirates, who ended the Padres' four - game winning streak.
McCutchen, a five - time All-Star and the 2013 NL MVP, has 22 homers. He connected with two outs in the first off left-hander Clayton Richard, with the ball clearing the fence just out of the reach of center fielder Manuel Margot. He homered into the Padres' bullpen in left-center in the eighth off rookie Jose Torres and then homered with two outs in the ninth, again off Torres.
This was McCutchen's third multihomer game of the season and 15th of his career. He also made a nice diving catch in center field to end the eighth.
"I've watched players play at an elite level and Andrew's as good as any of them."
McCutchen scored four runs.
Pinch-hitter Josh Bell homered in the ninth, his 19th.
Cole (9 - 7), who lives in Santa Ana and played at UCLA, won his second straight start and third decision in a row. His only big mistake was allowing a home run by rookie Dusty Coleman to center field with one out in the seventh, his second. Cole struck out eight and walked two.
Cole was a happy witness to McCutchen's big day.
The Pirates scored three runs in the sixth when the first four batters reached. Jose Osuna hit a two - run triple to right-center and Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single to center.
Richard (5 - 12) gave up seven hits and four runs in six innings, struck out five and walked two.
Richard notched his MLB-leading seventh pickoff when he caught Cole too far off the bag after reaching on a single in the third.
San Diego first baseman Jose Pirela made an impressive catch of a foul ball by Chris Stewart while diving into the stands to end the top of the eighth.