SAN DIEGO--One series removed from getting shut out twice, the San Diego Padres offense has seldom looked better.
And the same could be said for starter Ian Kennedy.
The Padres thumped the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Wednesday night and smiles were plentiful in their jubilant locker room.
Kennedy (6 - 11), pitching his against his former team for the second time, was the beneficiary. He struck out seven and allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings, showing his best fastball since being acquired on July 31.
It was Kennedy's final start of the season and 10th since the Padres traded for him. Over that span he's gone 4 - 2 with a 4.24 ERA.
In addition to the three homers, four Padres had at least two RBIs and four finished with multiple hits.
Gyorko continued his solid season, as his 21st home run placed him one ahead of the Atlanta Braves' Evan Gattis for the major league lead among rookies. Chase Headley had three RBIs, with Gyorko and Chris Denorfia getting two each.
Gyorko's two - run homer capped a four - run fifth that gave the Padres a 6 - 2 lead. Denorfia accounted for the other runs with a two - run single which scored Kennedy and Will Venable.
For Arizona starter Randall Delgado (5 - 7) that was his last inning after surrendering six runs and seven hits.
Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson said Delgado's pitch to Gyorko was misplaced.
The Padres' Tommy Medica homered in the fourth to tie the score 2 - 2. It was Medica's third homer since being elevated from Double-A on Sept. 10 and it landed in the sand box outside the fence in center field.
Medica's blast erased Kennedy's mental error in the top of that inning, one that came without him delivering a pitch.
Paul Goldschmidt opened with a double and advanced to third on Martin Prado's single. With runners at the corners, Kennedy stepped toward third on a pick-off attempt, but didn't throw the ball. Goldschmidt scored on the balk for a 2 - 1 lead.
The Diamondbacks had pulled even at 1 in the third when Delgado drove in Gerardo Parra with a single up the middle. Parra led off the inning with a double after Kennedy retired the first six batters.
Two doubles got the Padres a run in the first. Headley's double off Parra's glove in right-center chased home Denorfia, who was aboard after his one - out double.
Long-time Padres' minor leaguer Chris Robinson's three - run homer in the eighth was the first hit of his career, coming on his sixth major league at-bat.
Rene Rivera, Headley and Denorfia all had three hits for the Padres.