MILWAUKEE--Ryan Braun has been in one of the worst slumps of his career. It took a game against the hapless Pittsburgh Pirates to snap him out of it.
Braun's two - out single scored Rickie Weeks from second base in the 10th inning and the Milwaukee Brewers ended a five - game losing streak with a 5 - 4 victory Friday night.
After Braun drove the winning hit off the base of the right-field wall, jubilant teammate Prince Fielder picked up his fellow slugger in a bear hug at second.
Milwaukee tied it at 4 in the ninth on George Kottaras' RBI triple off Octavio Dotel, who blew his fourth save in 23 chances. The Pirates have lost four consecutive games and 22 of their last 24 on the road.
Pinch-hitter Jim Edmonds singled leading off the 10th against Evan Meek (4 - 3), the Pirates' NL All-Star representative. Dave Bush, slated to be the Brewers' starter Saturday night, pinch-ran and was erased on Weeks' fielder's choice groundout.
Weeks then stole second. Corey Hart struck out and Fielder was intentionally walked.
Braun hit the first pitch from Meek, who came into the game with a 0.94 ERA in 48 innings.
Weeks scored without a play.
Milwaukee closer John Axford (4 - 1) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win.
With one out in the ninth, speedy Carlos Gomez beat out a bunt single. He stole second and continued to third when catcher Ryan Doumit's throw sailed into center field for an error.
With the infield in, Kottaras' liner down the line got by first baseman Garrett Jones for a tying triple. Kottaras tried to score when Dotel's pitch to Alcides Escobar bounced away from Doumit, but his throw to Dotel at the plate was in time to get Kottaras and keep the score tied.
Escobar struck out, sending the game into extra innings.
In the top of the 10th, Jones singled, moved to second on a groundout and third on a wild pitch with only one out. Axford then struck out Pedro Alvarez and Doumit to end the threat.
Andrew McCutchen and Lastings Milledge homered for the Pirates. Hart and Fielder homered for the Brewers.
Pittsburgh starter Paul Maholm pitched seven innings, giving up two runs and three hits. He also hit three batters with pitches.
Milwaukee starter Doug Davis, making his first appearance after missing two months with inflammation of the lining around his heart, pitched five innings, giving up four runs and seven hits.