PITTSBURGH--Maybe it's no coincidence the Pittsburgh Pirates developed some consistency when Freddy Sanchez and Zach Duke did.
Sanchez's three - run double in the fifth inning put Pittsburgh ahead, leading Duke and the streaking Pirates past the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 Monday in the first game of a doubleheader.
Duke (2 - 2) shook off five walks and three errors behind him to limit Atlanta to five hits over six innings, and the Pirates won their sixth in a row--their longest winning streak since taking 10 consecutive games from June 25-July 5, 2004.
The Braves lost their seventh straight on the road. They have the majors' best home record (14 - 4) and worst road mark (4 - 14).
Atlanta has lost three in a row in Pittsburgh after sweeping a six - game homestand against the Reds and Padres.
What is clicking for the Pirates is their starting pitching, which is 4 - 0 with a 2.29 ERA during the winning streak. Duke was constantly in trouble, with at least two runners reaching in all but one inning, but he got key outs when he needed them while stranding 10 runners.
The Braves left 15 on overall while being shut out on eight hits by Duke, Damaso Marte and Sean Burnett. Duke has pitched well over three consecutive starts, allowing five runs in 20 1/3 innings.
Duke hadn't won since June 12, a span of 12 outings over two seasons, until beating the Giants 12 - 6 by allowing three runs over 7 1/3 innings on Tuesday. The left-hander hadn't won successive starts since beating the Brewers and Mets, respectively, on Sept. 11 and 17, 2006, but has allowed three runs or fewer in six of eight starts this season.
Jurrjens (4 - 3) got himself into trouble in the fifth by walking Jason Michaels and hitting light-hitting rookie Brian Bixler with a pitch in the upper back, helping the Pirates load the bases.
After Duke struck out, Sanchez--10 - for - 24 (.417) with eight RBIs as a leadoff batter since moving up one spot in the order last week--cleared the bases with a double to right-center.
Adam LaRoche added a two - run homer, his fourth, following Ryan Doumit's leadoff double in the eighth against Manny Acosta.