CINCINNATI (AP)--The Colorado Rockies are getting that look again.
Garrett Atkins and Jeff Baker homered and drove in three runs, Ubaldo Jimenez turned in another terrific start and the Rockies pounded the Cincinnati Reds 11 - 0 Sunday to complete a three - game sweep.
Chris Iannetta also homered and Scott Podsednik had three hits for the Rockies, who wrapped up their first sweep of a road series this season and their first in Cincinnati since June 15 - 17, 2001.
Colorado extended its winning streak to five games, matching its season high, and finished with 14 hits in its biggest win of the season. The Rockies are 9 - 1 since the All-Star break and have compiled at least 11 hits in eight consecutive games, their longest streak since an eight - game run in September 1999.
Colorado won 21 of 22 to get to the World Series last year, but manager Clint Hurdle is hesitant to draw any comparisons to last season.
The Rockies entered play in third in the weak NL West, six games back of division-leading Arizona.
Jimenez (7 - 9) allowed five hits in six innings, improving to 5 - 1 with a 1.74 ERA in six July starts.
Josh Fogg (2 - 3), pitching with 30 stitches in his lip after being hit by a line drive while tossing in the outfield during practice on Tuesday, lasted just 3 2/3 innings for Cincinnati. He allowed seven runs, eight hits and three walks against his former team.
Fogg said his lip wasn't the problem.
The Reds finished their longest homestand of the season with a 4 - 6 record while allowing Colorado to pile up 45 hits, the most by a Cincinnati opponent in a three - game series since Oakland had 51 in June 2004.
Colorado scored four runs in the fourth to take a 7 - 0 lead. Podsednik singled with one out and Baker followed with a drive to center on a 1 - 2 pitch from Fogg, his ninth homer of the season and second of the series.
Atkins chased Fogg with a two - out, two - run homer to left, his 15th of the year.
Ken Griffey Jr. singled in the fourth to extend his hitting streak to 10 games for Cincinnati, his longest since a 15-game streak in 2006.
Plate umpire Jim Reynolds issued warnings to both benches after Jimenez hit Brandon Phillips with a pitch in the bottom of the sixth and Gary Majewski hit Tulowitzki in the top of the seventh.