SAN DIEGO--Matt Holliday got the St. Louis Cardinals off to a fast start and Chris Carpenter took over from there.
Carpenter pitched seven crisp innings after Holliday hit a three - run homer in the top of the first, leading the Cardinals to a 7 - 0 victory over the San Diego Padres on Saturday night.
Holliday hit the first pitch he saw from Kevin Correia over the wall in center, giving the Cardinals a 3 - 0 lead before Carpenter took the mound.
Carpenter (14 - 3) won his ninth consecutive decision and moved into a tie for the major league lead in victories. The 2005 NL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, walked three and struck out six.
The Cardinals increased their lead in the NL Central to eight games over the Chicago Cubs, who lost 2 - 0 at Los Angeles. It's the largest margin for any division leader in baseball.
St. Louis is 12 - 3 since Chicago took over the Central lead by percentage points on Aug. 6, while the Cubs are in a 4 - 11 rut.
Holliday's homer was his sixth since he was acquired from Oakland on July 24. Holliday, who also had an infield single and walked twice, is hitting.400 with 25 RBIs in 27 games with St. Louis.
The Cardinals have the best record in the majors (19 - 8) since the Holliday trade.
Colby Rasmus and pinch-hitter Rick Ankiel added solo homers as St. Louis won for the 18th time in 24 games.
Carpenter allowed just one runner to reach second base and lowered his major league-best ERA to 2.16. In his last 10 starts, Carpenter is 9 - 0 with a 1.92 ERA.
David Eckstein reached on an infield single in the fourth inning, Adrian Gonzalez singled in the seventh and Will Venable added a double later in the inning for the only hits off Carpenter. After the hits by Eckstein and Gonzalez, the Cardinals turned double plays against Chase Headley.
Brad Thompson and Dennys Reyes each got three outs to complete the four - hitter for St. Louis' eighth shutout. The Padres have been shut out 10 times.
Carpenter faced the Padres for the first time since he beat them twice in the 2006 division series to help the Cardinals advance.
Carpenter tied teammate Adam Wainwright, Jason Marquis of Colorado, Boston's Josh Beckett and CC Sabathia of the New York Yankees for the big league lead in wins. Beckett and Sabathia face each other Sunday night at Fenway Park.
Albert Pujols, who leads the majors with 39 homers, went 1 for 4 and tied his career high with three strikeouts. It was his third multistrikeout game this season.
San Diego has lost 10 of 11 games to St. Louis.
Correia (8 - 10) allowed five runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings.