LOS ANGELES--The Seattle Mariners overcame some distressing news from ailing third baseman Adrian Beltre, and evened their interleague series against the Los Angeles Dodgers with another dominating performance by Felix Hernandez.
Hernandez scattered four hits over eight innings, Ken Griffey Jr. and Russell Branyan each hit home runs, and the Mariners beat the Dodgers 5 - 1 on Saturday night for their eighth victory in 11 games.
Beltre informed the club that he'll undergo surgery Tuesday in Los Angeles to have bone spurs removed from his troublesome left shoulder, which was operated on in September for the same reason. He's expected to be sidelined for six to eight weeks after Angels team physician Lewis Yocum performs the procedure.
Beltre singled in five at-bats and threw out two batters at first base. Manager Don Wakamatsu said after the game that Beltre would be in the lineup again in Sunday's series finale if he's up to it.
Beltre, who also had thumb surgery on the same day as the first operation on his non-throwing shoulder, will be going on the disabled list for the third time in his 12-year career and first time in five seasons with the Mariners. The two - time Gold Glove winner, who becomes a free agent at the end of the season, is batting.259 with five homers and 30 RBIs.
Hernandez (8 - 3) allowed an unearned run, struck out nine and walked one. Rafael Furcal reached on an infield hit in the third inning and scored from third when eight - time Gold Glove right fielder Ichiro Suzuki misplayed Casey Blake's sinking liner for his second error of the season.
Hernandez retired his next 12 batters and 16 of his final 17 before David Aardsma finished up.
The 23-year-old right-hander is 4 - 0 with a 0.85 ERA in seven starts--including a two - hit shutout at San Diego--since giving up six runs over 5 2/3 innings in a 6 - 5 loss to the Angels on May 19 at Seattle.
Suzuki went 3 for 5 to raise his major league-leading average to.375 and record his seventh straight multihit game, matching his career best.
Eric Milton (2 - 1) gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings, striking out seven and walking none. The 33-year-old lefty, activated from the DL earlier in the day after missing 17 games because of a back strain, is 1 - 6 with a 9.18 ERA in 10 career starts against Seattle.
The Mariners increased their margin to 4 - 0 in the third when Suzuki led off with a single, Branyan followed with his first triple of the season and Griffey drove a 1 - 1 pitch into the right-field pavilion for his ninth homer this season and 620th of his career--fifth on the all-time list.
The homer was Griffey's 55th during interleague play, keeping him one shy of Jim Thome for the most in that category since the format was established in 1997. Thome also homered Saturday.
Griffey, 39, has homered in three of the last five games in which he's had an at-bat.