DETROIT--Justin Morneau showed contending teams who may want to make a deal for him he's still got it, hitting a two - run homer and a two - run double before finishing with a season-high four hits to help the Minnesota Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 6 - 3 Tuesday night.
Glen Perkins struck out Miguel Cabrera with two on for the final out to help the fourth-place Twins hold on for the win against the AL Central-division leading Tigers.
Cabrera, who has been playing through a series of injuries, finished his last at-bat in pain.
Mike Pelfrey (5 - 10) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings. Jared Burton got out of a two - on, one - out jam in the eighth, and Perkins finished for his 29th save in 32 chances--barely.
Detroit catcher Brayan Pena led off the ninth with a single after fouling a pitch off his right big toe and struggling to run to first base before, he was replaced by Bryan Holaday. After Austin Jackson walked with two outs, Cabrera came to the plate.
The fans that stuck around rose to their feet only to go home disappointed when the reigning AL MVP swung and missed on a third strike.
Porcello (9 - 7) allowed five runs and seven hits over 4 1/3 innings for Detroit.
The Twins were without All-Star Joe Mauer, who was scratched from his start at first when he experienced dizziness during batting practice.
Minnesota might end the season without Morneau, who can be traded by the end of the month because he cleared waivers.
Gardenhire also said before the game he didn't plan to put Mauer behind the plate during the series, insisting the decision had nothing to do with Mauer's mask getting hit by a lot of baseballs when he played catcher Monday against the New York Mets. A couple hours later, Mauer was taken out of the lineup. And after the game, Mauer was put on the seven - day concussion disabled list.
The Twins put Morneau, who is in the final year of his contract, on revocable waivers last week and he wasn't claimed. He was drafted by Minnesota in 1999 and has been a cornerstone of the team for a decade.
Prince Fielder hit his 20th homer to get the Tigers within two runs in the fourth inning, but they allowed Minnesota to build its lead in each of the next two innings.
Phil Coke pitched in relief of Porcello and Morneau sent his first pitch into the right-field gap to put Minnesota up 5 - 1 in the fifth inning.
After the game, Coke was sent to Triple-A Toledo to work on his control and left-handed pitcher Jose Alvarez was recalled.
"We're not down on Phil Coke," Leyland insisted. "He's coming back Sept. 1."
That wasn't of much consolation for Coke.
Pedro Florimon hit a solo homer off Jeremy Bonderman in the sixth, giving the Twins a five - run lead.