MILWAUKEE--Stephen Piscotty watched Jonathan Villar's throw skid past first base, then sprinted 180 feet to give the St. Louis Cardinals a victory.
The St. Louis Cardinals got 13 strikeouts from Carlos Martinez but only six innings and nearly lost the game.
Piscotty scored on a throwing error in the ninth inning after Carlos Martinez struck out a career-high 13, leading the Cardinals over the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 5 on Monday night.
With two on and nobody out in the ninth, Yadier Molina dropped down a bunt. Reliever Tyler Thornburg (5 - 5) threw to third base for a force out, but Villar's throw to first was wild, allowing Piscotty to score from second.
The Cardinals maintained a slim lead over Pittsburgh for the second NL wild card.
It was Villar's 25th error and his eighth since moving from shortstop to third base to accommodate rookie shortstop Orlando Arcia.
After Martinez held Milwaukee to one run over six innings, the Brewers scored four runs in the seventh to take a 5 - 3 lead. St. Louis tied it in the eighth on a two - run homer by Randal Grichuk off Corey Knebel.
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save. Miguel Socolovich (1 - 0) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings to pick up his first win.
The Cardinals took the lead on a sacrifice fly by Wong in the fourth. Jedd Gyorko homered in the fifth and Kolten Wong hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 3 - 1 advantage.
Martinez allowed four hits and walked two while throwing 98 pitches. He struck out eight of the first 11 batters and didn't allow a hit to the outfield until the sixth.
Arcia began the four - run seventh with a homer off Matt Bowman. Villar had an RBI double, and then Milwaukee went ahead on an RBI infield single by Scooter Gennett. The Brewers sent 10 batters to the plate against three relievers during the inning.
However, Milwaukee squandered a chance to extend its lead. After Kevin Siegrist walked Hernan Perez to walk in a run, Socolovich came on to strike out Chris Carter and get Kirk Nieuwenhuis to pop out to shortstop.
It was a mistake-filled loss for the Brewers. A botched rundown led to St. Louis' first run and the winning run scored on what should have been an inning-changing double play.
Milwaukee also set a franchise record for most strikeouts in a nine - inning game with 19.
Brewers starter Zach Davies (10 - 7) matched his career high with nine strikeouts but gave up three runs and seven hits over 6 1/3 innings.