CHICAGO--Alex Rodriguez finally got cheered. All he had to do was get hit by a pitch to quiet the jeers.
Chris Sale allowed one run while outpitching Hiroki Kuroda into the eighth inning, and the Chicago White Sox beat the New York Yankees 3 - 2 on Tuesday night.
In his second game back and a day after being hit with a long suspension, A-Rod reached base three times and again heard it from the crowd at U. S. Cellular Field. They continued to boo him nearly non-stop, pausing only when a pitch from Sale grazed his elbow near the belt in the third inning.
Then, the fans let out a big roar. And that did not sit well with manager Joe Girardi.
If Rodriguez was bothered by it, he wasn't saying. He insisted he loves the Chicago fans, just as he did after they laid into him on Monday, and that he was more upset that he forgot to put on his elbow pad.
They're certainly not showing him any in return. They let him hear it in his season debut on Monday, hours after Major League Baseball slapped him with a 211-game penalty for violating its drug agreement and labor contract, and it was more of the same on Tuesday.
Rodriguez was the designated hitter this time after playing third in his first game after offseason hip surgery. At the plate, he followed up a 1 - for - 4 performance by going 1 for 2 with a single and walk in addition to being hit by a pitch.
A-Rod was on deck when Alfonso Soriano struck out to end it with a runner on first, giving the Yankees their 13th loss in 19 games.
White Sox closer Addison Reed allowed up a single to a pinch-hitter Ichiro Suzuki, who took second on defensive indifference and came around on Brett Gardner's two - out single. But Reed finished for his 27th save in 32 chances.
Adam Dunn singled and scored the tying run in the fourth, and Chicago took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Paul Konerko beat the relay throw on a force to deep third, allowing Alexei Ramirez to score after he led off with a single.
Doubles by Gordon Beckham and Alejandro De Aza in the seventh off Kuroda (10 - 7) made it a two - run game, sending the White Sox to their second straight win after dropping 10 in a row.
Victimized by poor run support this season, Sale (7 - 11) got the win after going 1 - 9 over his previous 11 starts. He allowed five hits and left with one out in the eighth after Rodriguez led off with a single and Robinson Cano lined out.
Nathan Jones struck out Curtis Granderson and Lyle Overbay before the Yankees rallied against Reed.
Kuroda took the loss after going 3 - 0 in his previous five starts. He gave up three runs and nine hits, but the Yankees came out flat again after getting pounded 8 - 1 on Monday.
They're hoping Rodriguez can provide a spark and boost their fading playoff hopes, but he's coming off hip surgery and has a long suspension hanging over him after MLB lowered the hammer on Monday.