LOS ANGELES--Aside from becoming the first Giants catcher to hit a grand slam and steal a base in the same game since Roger Bresnahan in 1903, Buster Posey also got a huge kick out of the way his team continued to outplay the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Posey hit his third career slam and the defending World Series champions got two RBI each from Brandon Crawford and Matt Duffy in a 9 - 5 win Friday night. San Francisco's eighth victory in 10 meetings with the rival Dodgers this season put the Giants within 1 1/2 games of the NL West leaders.
Posey gave San Francisco a 4 - 1 lead in the third with his 10th homer of the season, ending a drought of 46 at-bats. The 2012 NL MVP and league batting champion drove a 2 - 2 pitch into the Dodgers' bullpen in left field after singles by Gregor Blanco and Nori Aoki and a two - out walk to Angel Pagan.
Chris Heston (7 - 5) allowed three runs, seven hits and no walks over 5 2/3 innings in his second start since his no-hitter against the New York Mets on June 9. The rookie right-hander was coming off a 4 - 0 home loss to Arizona on Sunday.
Mike Bolsinger (4 - 2) gave up a season-high five runs in 5 1/3 innings, along with eight hits and three walks. Half of the right-hander's six strikeouts came in the fourth, the only inning in which he did not allow a baserunner.
Posey's slam was the first allowed by Bolsinger in 18 big league starts, and the second against the Dodgers this season.
Justin Turner had two doubles and a solo homer for the Dodgers after getting grazed by an 0 - 2 pitch his first time up. Pinch-hitter Alberto Callaspo delivered an RBI single in the ninth against Michael Broadway, but Santiago Casilla struck out Yasiel Puig for his 19th save in 22 chances.
Yasmani Grandal opened the scoring in the second with an RBI single that snapped a string of 32 consecutive scoreless innings by Giants pitchers against the Dodgers--including a three - game sweep at San Francisco last month by scores of 2 - 0, 4 - 0 and 4 - 0. It was the longest shutout streak by the Giants against any team since they relocated to the West Coast along with the Dodgers in 1958.
The Dodgers closed to 4 - 3 in the third with three consecutive hits, including Turner's RBI double and Adrian Gonzalez's run-scoring single. Heston minimized the damage by retiring Howie Kendrick on a double-play grounder.
The Giants added a run in the sixth with consecutive doubles by Brandon Belt and Crawford. Rookie center fielder Joc Pederson robbed Blanco of extra bases with a diving grab.
The Giants increased the margin to 9 - 3 in the seventh with four runs, including Josh Ravin's bases-loaded walk to Crawford, a two - run single by Duffy and an RBI single by Blanco against the rookie right-hander.
Blanco was reinstated from the concussion disabled list before the game after missing the previous 10.