DETROIT--Max Scherzer and the Detroit Tigers still have plenty of work to do if they want to win a second straight AL Central title.
This weekend, though, they took two big steps in the right direction.
One day after Doug Fister returned from the disabled list to pitch shutout ball, the inconsistent Scherzer struck out 12 in eight dominant innings as Detroit beat the staggering Colorado Rockies 5 - 0 on Sunday.
Detroit rookie Quintin Berry had a career-high five hits, while Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera each had an RBI double. Gerald Laird added three hits to help the Tigers win their third straight series, all against National League teams.
Rockies starter Jeremy Guthrie was pulled after a 53-minute rain delay in the fourth. Colorado has lost 10 of 11.
The Rockies were missing slugger Carlos Gonzalez, scratched moments before the first pitch with what was announced as a sore right hamstring. He was replaced in the lineup by Dexter Fowler, who struck out in his first three at-bats, all with runners on base.
The game was delayed by rain in the top of the fourth, but Scherzer stayed on the mound to finish that inning and four more.
Scherzer (6 - 4) fanned every Rockies starter other than Marco Scutaro in his third double-digit strikeout performance of the season. He gave up seven hits and didn't walk a batter while throwing 122 pitches.
Brayan Villarreal finished up with one strikeout in a hitless ninth.
Scherzer has struck out at least nine batters six times this season, most in the majors.
Guthrie (3 - 6) allowed four runs--three earned--on eight hits and two walks.
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Laird's RBI double in the second, then added two more runs in the third.
Berry singled after Guthrie misplayed a foul pop for an error, then took second on a balk. Miguel Cabrera walked and Fielder followed with an RBI double. Brennan Boesch flied out but Jhonny Peralta was intentionally walked and Ramon Santiago made it 4 - 0 with a two - run single.
Guthrie would have been happy to keep pitching after the rain delay, but didn't get the chance.
Cabrera capped the scoring with an RBI double in the sixth.