ARLINGTON, Texas--Matt Harrison was sharp for six innings, and he got all the support he needed from the power-hitting Texas Rangers lineup.
Harrison allowed five hits and no runs, and got five homers from his teammates as the Rangers routed the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Saturday night. Mitch Moreland, Mike Napoli and Endy Chavez hit consecutive homers in the second to match a club record.
Three straight Rangers homered for the fifth time in club history, and it hadn't happened since April 25, 2004, when Laynce Nix, Rod Barajas and Adrian Gonzalez went deep against Seattle.
The last big league team to go back-to-back-to-back was Boston at Texas on Aug. 13, 2010.
Adrian Beltre added his team-best 11th homer, and Nelson Cruz connected for his ninth, all against Sean O'Sullivan (2 - 4).
Harrison was thankful for the big early advantage.
Harrison (5 - 4) struck out one and walked one in steamy 98-degree conditions to help the Rangers win for the fourth time in six games. He has pitched at least six innings in eight of his 10 starts and has thrown 16 1/3 straight shutout innings in his last three starts.
Harrison could have gone deeper, but a blister on his right index finger shortened his outing. Team president Nolan Ryan recommended that Harrison take a seat for the rest of the night.
Yoshinori Tateyama, a 35-year-old rookie, worked the final three innings for his first big league save.
O'Sullivan was knocked around for 10 runs and 15 hits--both career highs--in 5 2/3 innings as his ERA swelled from 5.60 to 6.75.
Already battling right biceps tendinitis that limited the effectiveness of his fastball, the 23-year-old right-hander knew he'd have to go deep into the game because the Royals' bullpen had thrown 11 1/3 innings of shutout relief in Friday night's 12 - 7 win over Texas in 14 innings.
O'Sullivan said he's experienced the tendinitis before and has been able to pitch through it.
Billy Butler had two hits for the Royals, who've dropped 11 of 14.
In the first, O'Sullivan walked Ian Kinsler and Michael Young, and both scored when Beltre ripped an 0 - 2 pitch into the right-field corner for a double.
If O'Sullivan thought he was getting a break facing Texas' bottom three batters to open the second, he was mistaken.
Moreland led off with his sixth homer into the visitors' bullpen in left center, Napoli followed with his seventh, and Chavez hit his first to make it 5 - 0. The three blasts sailed a total of 1,182 feet.
Napoli had been in a 4 - for - 25 slump that dropped his average from.313 to.183.
The Rangers knocked out O'Sullivan with a three - run sixth on Josh Hamilton's RBI double and Cruz's two - run homer for a 10 - 0 lead.
Former Ranger Matt Treanor ended Texas' shutout bid in the seventh with an RBI groundout.