CLEVELAND--Asdrubal Cabrera pointed to his wife in the stands as he watched his first game-ending home run sail over the wall.
Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th inning with his third homer of the year to give the Cleveland Indians a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Saturday night.
Cabrera has hit.316 with 11 RBIs in 20 games since Aug. 6.
Batting left-handed, the switch-hitter pulled a 2 - 1 fastball from righty Jesse Chavez (2 - 2).
Chris Perez (2 - 2), the fifth pitcher used by Acta, worked a scoreless 10th for Cleveland's third straight win. The Indians moved within a game of fourth-place Kansas City in the AL Central. The Royals have lost four of five.
Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer off Cleveland starter Jeanmar Gomez and tied it at 3 with an RBI double in the eighth against reliever Rafael Perez.
Kansas City left 10 runners on base; five in the final three innings. The Royals stranded 16 in a 15 - 4 loss Friday night.
Betemit's hitting helped Zack Greinke remain unbeaten against Cleveland in nine starts since 2008. The reigning AL Cy Young winner gave up three runs and eight hits over eight innings, striking out four. He walked four--after issuing only 38 bases on balls in his first 26 starts and 174 innings.
Greinke is 5 - 0 with a 2.73 ERA in nine starts against Cleveland since a 3 - 1 loss to the Indians on Sept. 7, 2008.
Cleveland led 3 - 0 after two innings. Michael Brantley doubled and scored in the first. He added a two - out RBI single in the second before Greinke walked Cabrera and Shin-Soo Choo to force in another run.
"After the second inning I thought they might score 15 runs, and there was nothing I could even do about it. I couldn't imagine executing much better than I did the first two innings."
Gomez, whose first career loss was to Greinke, 2 - 1 on Aug. 17, walked Jason Kendall to open the sixth. With one out, Betemit drove a 3 - 1 pitch over the wall in right center for his 10th homer and sixth in his last 12 games.
Kendall led off the eighth with a walk against Joe Smith, went to second on a one - out wild pitch by Perez, and scored on Betemit's line-drive double to right-center.
Gomez gave up two runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings in his seventh career start and was helped by his defense.
The Royals put runners on first and third with none out in the fifth and didn't score. Mitch Maier doubled and went to third on a soft single by Yuniesky Betancourt. Maier held when Chris Getz flied out to short left. First baseman Matt LaPorta then backhanded a line drive hit by Gregor Blanco and doubled off Betancourt to end the inning.
Greinke got out of the bottom half by inducing Trevor Crowe to hit into a double play with runners on first and second.
Gomez bounced back from his worst outing, an 8 - 1 loss Sunday in Detroit when he gave up 11 hits and seven earned runs over three innings.