DENVER--Derek Dietrich was hoping for a chance at history but settled for a win in a torrid month for the Miami outfielder.
He homered for the third straight game, leading Miami over the Colorado Rockies 8 - 5 on Sunday.
Dietrich doubled, homered and singled in his first three at-bats but managed just a single in his last two trips to the plate before leaving in the seventh inning. He tied a career high with four hits. He would have been the first Marlins player ever to hit for the cycle.
Drew Rucinski got the win in relief of starter Caleb Smith, who exited in the second inning with left shoulder tightness.
Smith said he felt tightness on his second pitch to Tom Murphy to start the inning. He struck out Murphy on four pitches but after one pitch to Gerardo Parra, manager Don Mattingly and trainers immediately went to the mound. After a brief conversation, Smith left and Rucinski came on.
Mattingly said after the game Smith will go on the disabled list and will have an MRI done Monday.
Rucinski (2 - 1) allowed three runs in 2 2/3 innings but got the win, and Kyle Barraclough earned his seventh save.
The start of the game was delayed 1 hour, 31 minutes by a strong storm that dropped heavy rain and hail on Coors Field.
German Marquez (5 - 8) didn't last long, either. He was tagged for six runs--five earned--in 3 1/3 innings. Miami's first five batters reached against him during a three - run first inning.
Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the bottom half, his 18th, to make it 3 - 2. Arenado finished the 4 - 3 homestand with five home runs in the final six games. Colorado is 15 - 22 at Coors Field.
Parra also homered for Colorado.
Dietrich, who hit.438 on the nine - game road trip and is hitting.410 in June, led off the second with a home run, his 11th. He added an RBI single in a two - run seventh to give the Marlins a three - run cushion but was replaced in the outfield for the bottom of the inning.
Dietrich, who also had four hits at St. Louis on June 6, has one triple this season.