HOUSTON--The Astros know they'll need more efforts like they got from Jason Castro and Dallas Keuchel on Saturday night when they move to the AL West next year.
Castro hit a three - run homer and Keuchel pitched seven strong innings to lead Houston to a 4 - 1 victory against Pittsburgh, handing the Pirates their fifth straight loss.
Keuchel (3 - 7) gave up four hits for his second win in two starts. He struck out five and walked one.
"He turned the order over three times, and that's something we are expecting out of him. Hopefully he can be a big part of the rotation next year."
Castro hit his third homer of the season in the seventh inning, a tiebreaking shot off Pirates right-hander Kevin Correia (11 - 10) to give the Astros their second lead of the evening.
"For the American League next year, I think we are going to need a few more of those to compete with the caliber of players that are going to come in our division."
Right-handers Hector Ambriz and Wilton Lopez each pitched scoreless innings to secure the win for Houston, with Lopez getting Garrett Jones to fly out to end the game for his seventh save.
Keuchel praised Castro afterwards.
The Pirates fell 6 1/2 games behind St. Louis for the last NL wild-card spot. Pittsburgh has lost 17 of its last 21 and dropped to 74 - 77, moving closer to its 20th straight losing season.
"I've got to make better pitches, but we've got to play better all around if we're not going to score runs."
Pittsburgh manager Clint Hurdle was ejected in the second inning for arguing a call at first base. Hurdle argued with first base umpire Tim Timmons, who moments earlier called Michael McKenry out on a throw from first baseman Brett Wallace to Keuchel. The call came after Gaby Sanchez hit a tying home run.
The Astros scored in the first on a double by Scott Moore and a single by Wallace.
Correia was cruising along through six innings--he tied a career high with nine strikeouts--before running into trouble in the seventh.
Jed Lowrie led off with a single and pinch runner Tyler Greene made it safely to second on an error by shortstop Clint Barmes on Matt Dominguez's grounder. Castro's homer soared just high enough to clear the right-field wall and the glove of Garrett Jones.
This marked the third time Correia has struck out nine, most recently on July 18, 2010 against Arizona.
The Pirates finished with three errors.