ANAHEIM, Calif.--The Colorado Rockies don't appear to need much help from their opponents these days to win. Yet, the Los Angeles Angels gift-wrapped a couple of runs with two of their club record-tying six wild pitches.
Brad Hawpe celebrated his 30th birthday with a three - run homer, Seth Smith also went deep and the Rockies beat the Angels 11 - 1 on Monday night for their 17th victory in 18 games and club-record ninth straight on the road.
Colorado is 19 - 5 since firing Clint Hurdle as manager on May 29 and replaced him with bench coach Jim Tracy.
The Rockies, who were last in the NL West and 14 games off the pace change was made, now trail second-place San Francisco by one game and the division-leading Dodgers by nine. Their sixth straight victory put them a season-best four - games over.500.
Aaron Cook (7 - 3) allowed a run and three hits over seven innings and struck out four, helping send 30-year-old rookie Matt Palmer to his first loss in the big leagues.
Cook became the franchise's all-time leader in victories with his 59th, surpassing Jason Jennings, and also broke Pedro Astacio's team record for road wins with his 30th.
The right-hander had only 12 big league wins to his credit when his career--and his life--were threatened because of blood clots that forced him out of a game he started at Coors Field on Aug. 7, 2004, and traveled from his pitching shoulder to both lungs. Cook made it all the way back from surgery four months into the 2005 campaign, and emerged as the Rockies' Opening Day starter in 2007 after Jennings was traded to Houston in the offseason.
All six wild pitches by the Angels came with Mike Napoli behind the plate. The Halos also had six on April 13, 1991 at Minnesota.
Palmer (6 - 1) set the tone in the second inning, throwing two wild pitches with Troy Tulowitzki at the plate. It enabled Hawpe to advance to third, and he scored the first run on Ian Stewart's single during a three - run rally.
The Angels have lost three straight following a season-best seven - game winning streak.