PHOENIX--Stephen Strasburg says he hasn't felt right since the All-Star break and decided after two innings in Arizona to call it a day.
Manager Dusty Baker turned to five relievers to share the final seven innings in the Washington Nationals' 6 - 2 victory over the Diamondbacks on Sunday that wrapped up a successful nine - game trip out of the All-Star break.
Strasburg described the problem as slight "achiness" in his forearm.
In his previous start in Cincinnati, Strasburg went seven innings, limiting the Reds to one run on four hits while fanning 11 and walking one.
Strasburg, 10 - 3 with a 3.25 ERA, uncharacteristically walked the No. 8 and No. 9 batters in the second inning before departing with a 5 - 0 lead. He threw 51 pitches, 29 strikes.
Brian Goodwin's leadoff homer ignited a four - run first inning off Robbie Ray (9 - 5), who lasted five innings, allowing five runs.
Bryce Harper singled in the first to extend his hitting streak to 16 games.
Wilmer Difo hit his second home run of the season off reliever T. J. McFarland in the seventh.
Joe Blanton (1 - 2) got two outs and earned the win.
The NL East-leading Nationals took two of three in Arizona to go 7 - 2 on the trip.
Nine players batted for Washington in the opening inning. Goodwin started it with a booming shot high above the home run line across the batter's eye in straightaway center.
Difo and Harper singled and Ryan Zimmerman's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0. Daniel Murphy walked and Anthony Rendon singled in a run. Jose Lobaton capped the scoring with a two - out RBI single before Strasburg bounced into a fielder's choice to end Ray's 39-pitch inning.
Arizona broke through with two runs in the fifth.
Chris Iannetta had a pinch-hit single with one out and David Descalso walked before Ketel Marte and David Peralta each singled in a run. With runners at first and third and one out, Blanton came on to strike out Paul Goldschmidt and got Chris Owings to ground into a fielder's choice.
The Diamondbacks had runners at second and third with one out in the sixth but Enny Romero struck out A. J. Pollock and Descalso bounced out to second. Romero left the game in the seventh with an apparent injury.
Arizona, 3 - 6 since the All-Star break, stranded 11 runners.
Washington's Andrew Stevenson, called up from Triple-A Syracuse, was 0 for 2 in his major league debut.