NEW YORK--For Clayton Kershaw and the Los Angeles Dodgers, pitching five innings was nearly perfect.
They almost were, too.
Kershaw gave up just one hit in a start twice interrupted by rain, and Justin Turner grounded an RBI double off Dellin Betances in a two - run ninth that sent the Dodgers over the New York Yankees 2 - 0 Wednesday.
The lefty ace threw 64 pitches in his second start since missing 10 weeks because of a herniated disk in his lower back. Last week in his return, he gave up two runs and five hits in three innings at Miami.
Of course, the three - time Cy Young Award winner still saw room for improvement.
Clayton Kershaw rebounded nicely from his start in Miami by waiting out two rain delays and limiting the Yankees to one hit over five innings.
If the Yankees end up falling short of the playoffs, losses like the one they suffered Wednesday against the Dodgers will haunt them.
The Dodgers took advantage of errors by second baseman Starlin Castro and Betances to increase their NL West lead to five games over San Francisco.
The Yankees completed a successful homestand and remained two games behind Toronto for the second AL wild card. Next up, they begin an 11-game trip--their longest of the season--to Boston, Tampa Bay and Toronto.
Kershaw walked none in his first career start at Yankee Stadium and exited with a 1.81 ERA. He struck out three and has fanned 153 while walking just nine this season.
There was a brief, 12-minute wait in the middle of the fourth. Kershaw kept loose by throwing underneath the stands during a 48-minute stoppage before the bottom of the fifth.
Castro became the first Yankees batter to reach when Turner misplayed a hard grounder to third base for an error.
Chase Headley followed with a single, and a sacrifice put two runners in scoring position. Kershaw toughened, striking out Rob Refsnyder and Austin Romine to keep it scoreless.
Kershaw gave a quick fist pump after the escape.
Castro previously played for the Cubs, and faced Kershaw in the National League. Castro said Kershaw looked as good as ever.
Luis Avilan (2 - 0) got four outs and Kenley Jansen completed the three - hitter, matching his career high with 44 saves in 50 chances.
Los Angeles threw its major league-leading 15th shutout and won two of three in an interleague series between old October rivals.
It was scoreless when Betances (3 - 5) took over to begin the ninth. Corey Seager led off with a liner that got under Castro's glove for an error, stole second and scored when Turner grounded a double down the third base line.
Turner moved to third on a flyball and scored as Betances fielded a comebacker by Yasmani Grandal but threw it over the head of catcher Gary Sanchez.
Yankees starter Michael Pineda pitched four innings, giving up two hits and two walks.