NEW YORK--Brian McCann began the day on the bench and ended it all wet, soaking up his best moment in pinstripes.
McCann lined a pinch-hit, three - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning Sunday that gave the New York Yankees a 7 - 4 victory and a three - game sweep of the Chicago White Sox.
Ichiro Suzuki had a two - run single and Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double for the resurgent Yankees, who rallied against All-Star ace Chris Sale en route to their fourth straight victory following a 2 - 7 slide. Desperately chasing a playoff spot, they finished a 4 - 2 homestand against two losing teams by getting their second game-ending hit against Chicago in three days.
Carlos Beltran doubled off Jake Petricka (0 - 3) with two outs in the 10th, and Chase Headley was intentionally walked. McCann, batting for backup catcher Francisco Cervelli, laced a full-count changeup over the 314-foot sign in the right-field corner.
A fired-up McCann pumped his fist and shouted as he rounded first base, then threw down his helmet when he approached a swarm of happy teammates at home plate. Two buckets of liquid were dumped over his head. Someone even slapped a pair of sunglasses on his face.
McCann joined the Yankees as a prized free agent last offseason, signing an $85 million, five - year contract. But his first year in New York hasn't been easy, and he's hitting only.235 with 15 homers and 54 RBIs.
Avisail Garcia hit a tying homer in the ninth for the White Sox, who have lost a season-high six in a row and 13 of 17 overall. Chicago has dropped its last eight games at Yankee Stadium since winning on June 29, 2012.
New York scored four unearned runs off Sale in the sixth to take a 4 - 3 lead, capitalizing on an error by left fielder Dayan Viciedo. Sale walked two batters and hit rookie Zelous Wheeler on the leg with a first-pitch breaking ball, forcing in a run.
Suzuki capped the outburst with a two - run single, making him the first left-handed batter to drive in a run against Sale since Minnesota star Joe Mauer on Aug. 17, 2013, according to STATS.
After striking out his first three times up, Garcia led off the ninth with a home run against Yankees closer David Robertson, who had converted 22 consecutive save chances since June 5--the longest active streak in the majors.
David Huff (3 - 1) threw a called third strike past slugger Jose Abreu with two on to end the top of the 10th.
Alexei Ramirez hit his first career leadoff homer and Conor Gillaspie had a two - run shot for the White Sox.