CINCINNATI--Clinching a division championship caught up with the Cincinnati Reds a day later.
Carlos Lee had three hits and Nelson Figueroa took advantage of a Cincinnati lineup missing all of its regulars as the Houston Astros beat the newly crowned NL Central champions 2 - 0 on Wednesday night.
Manager Dusty Baker rested every one of his starting position players on the day after the Reds clinched their first division championship and postseason berth since 1995.
Figueroa (6 - 4), who had been 0 - 2 in his previous three starts, capitalized with 6 2/3 shutout innings. He allowed six hits and three walks.
Wilton Lopez relieved with a runner on base and struck out pinch-hitter Jay Bruce, whose game-ending home run Tuesday night clinched Cincinnati's division title.
Fernando Abad pitched a perfect eighth and Brandon Lyon allowed a single in the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances. Matt Lindstrom has 23 saves, making Houston the fifth team in major league history with two pitchers recording at least 20 saves in the same season. The last was the 1992 Reds, who had Norm Charlton with 26 and Rob Dibble with 25.
Houston manager Brad Mills appreciated the versatility.
Johnny Cueto (12 - 7), who allowed a season-high eight runs in 1 1/3 innings of his previous start at Milwaukee, bounced back to give up one earned run in seven innings.
Cueto finished with exactly 100 pitches, 64 of them for strikes, in his postseason tuneup. He allowed eight hits, walked none and struck out four. He was also called for a balk while slipping to 0 - 3 in his last six starts since beating the Chicago Cubs on Aug. 27.
Baker hopes Cueto's winless stretch ends at what would be the perfect time for the Reds.
"What's it been, a month?" he wondered. "We've been trying to get him off those 12 wins. He's due for a real long streak."
The Reds went into the game with the fourth-best record among the five teams that either had clinched playoff berths or were still in contention. They were a game behind the San Francisco Giants in the race for the second-best record.
Cincinnati, the league leader in most of the key hitting categories, was shut out for the 13th time this season. The shutout win was Houston's 10th.
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on doubles by former Red Jeff Keppinger and Lee. They widened their lead to 2 - 0 in the seventh when Lee led off with a single and moved to second on Chris Johnson's sharp one - hopper off Cueto's left ankle. Lee continued to third when rookie first baseman Yonder Alonso fielded the carom and threw the ball away trying to toss the ball behind his back to Cueto. Lee scored on Brett Wallace's grounder.