DETROIT--Scott Diamond knew he was probably facing his biggest batter of the day. As it turned out, he was right.
With his Twins losing 2 - 0 to the Tigers, Diamond was facing Omar Infante with a runner on and two outs in the fifth. Infante himself wasn't what Diamond was worried about--it was the batter on deck.
He didn't have to worry. Infante hit a grounder to short and Diamond got out of the inning. Minnesota then scored five runs in the sixth and cruised to a 10 - 4 victory in the first game of a day-night doubleheader.
The loss dropped Detroit a full game behind the White Sox in the AL Central.
Diamond (12 - 8) allowed two runs on four hits in seven innings, and improved his career ERA against the Tigers to 3.07 in four starts. He struck out five.
After leaving his previous start with shoulder weakness, Max Scherzer (16 - 7) pitched five shutout innings despite a fastball that topped out at 93 instead of his usual high-90s. However, he couldn't get an out in the sixth, and ended up allowing three runs in five - plus innings.
He wasn't getting any arguments from the Minnesota clubhouse.
The Tigers led 2 - 0 early, with an RBI and a run from Miguel Cabrera, but Detroit's notoriously bad defense melted down in the sixth, leading to five Minnesota runs. Ben Revere led off with a fly to left that Andy Dirks dropped just short of the wall. By the time Dirks could locate the ball, Revere was at third with what was ruled a triple.
Joe Mauer pulled the Twins within 2 - 1 with an infield single, and Josh Willingham moved him to third with a double. That brought Phil Coke into the game, and he got Justin Morneau to fly to shallow left.
Dirks, though, got a very late break and the ball dropped for a game-tying single.
Ryan Doumit walked to load the bases, and Trevor Plouffe made it 3 - 2 with a single on Brayan Villarreal's first pitch. The Twins then added a bizarre run when a third strike got away from Gerald Laird.
Villarreal covered the plate, but stretched for a force out instead of tagging Morneau. He only realized his mistake when home-plate umpire Tom Hallion singled safe. The fifth run then scored when Pedro Florimon beat out an inning-ending double play.
In the seventh, Revere walked, stole second, took third on Laird's throwing error and scored when Dirks made a diving catch of Mauer's foul fly to left. The Twins made it 8 - 2 on RBI singles by Eduardo Escobar and Revere in the eighth, and Mauer's triple later in the inning got Minnesota to double figures.
Avisail Garcia's two - run single in the ninth slightly narrowed the final gap.