PITTSBURGH--One at-bat, one pitch, one day at a time. The Colorado Rockies have learned to slow down and not focus on anything but the next task ahead.
So far, it's working.
Almost perfectly.
Seth Smith drew a bases-loaded walk in the seventh inning, Colorado's bullpen was nearly flawless and the Rockies kept up their strong start with a 6 - 5 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday to take three of four in their first road series this season.
The Rockies' 6 - 2 start is their second-best in franchise history. If not for two extra-inning losses, they'd be unbeaten.
A year ago, the Rockies collapsed down the stretch. Sitting at 82 - 66 on Sept. 18, they were poised for a playoff appearance before going 1 - 13 and finishing third in the NL West. During the slide, Colorado dropped its last eight road games.
It was a tough, humbling lesson for a team that could be on the verge of putting something special together.
"I love our approach. It's a humble, fighting, grinding approach. We've got a lot of talent."
Smith, who had an RBI single in Colorado's four - run first, drew his two - out walk from Mike Crotta (0 - 1) in the seventh. Crotta walked three of the four batters he faced and gave up a tying RBI single in the inning to Jason Giambi.
Jose Lopez hit a three - run homer in the first for the Rockies, who have been alone in first in the NL West five straight days for the first time since 2006.
Last season, the Rockies were awful on the road, posting a 31 - 50 record they would like to reverse in 2011.
As their jerseys and bats were packed for a trip to New York, the three wins they picked up at PNC Park may have been the best items stashed.
Jhoulys Chacin (2 - 0) allowed four earned runs and seven hits in six innings as Colorado's starters improved to 5 - 0 this season. But they wouldn't be unblemished if not for the Rockies relievers. Felipe Paulino, Matt Reynolds, Matt Lindstrom and Street combined for three hitless, scoreless innings.
The Rockies appeared on their way to an easy win, scoring four in the first off Pittsburgh starter James McDonald, who managed to stay around until the seventh. But Colorado's bats went dead, a problem that plagued the Rockies too often last season.
Lyle Overbay had two RBIs and Jose Tabata extended his hitting streak to 10 games for the Pirates (5 - 5), who are back to.500 after opening the season by winning four of six on the road, a start that had Pittsburgh fans hoping this squad could finally end 18 straight losing years.
Trailing 4 - 0 after one, the Pirates caught the Rockies by scoring three in the third and passed them with an unearned run in the fourth.
McDonald has had success against Colorado, recording three of his nine career wins against the Rockies.
But whatever comfort the right-hander had against them wasn't evident in the first when he struggled with his control, and the Rockies pounced with Lopez's second homer, a shot into the left-field seats that dropped the Pirates into a 4 - 0 hole.