PHILADELPHIA--Ryan Howard is right in the middle of another September streak for the Philadelphia Phillies.
Howard reached a milestone with his two - run homer that led the Philadelphia Phillies to their sixth straight victory, 5 - 2 over the Washington Nationals on Saturday night.
A career.306 hitter in September, Howard's opposite-field shot in the third inning gave him his fifth straight season with at least 30 homers and 100 RBIs, setting a new franchise record previously held by Hall of Famer Chuck Klein.
Howard, though, said he and the team are concerned only with holding off the Braves.
Jayson Werth and Raul Ibanez also homered for the Phillies, who maintained a three - game lead over Atlanta in the NL East.
Helped by Howard and the offense, Kyle Kendrick (10 - 9) earned his 10th win after a shaky start. He gave up hits to his first two batters but settled after that. In six innings, he gave up two runs and six hits. He struck out three and walked one.
Kendrick received plenty of support as the Phillies banged out 12 hits. Ibanez had three hits, Wilson Valdez went 3 for 4 with a pair of doubles and an RBI, and Shane Victorino also had two hits and increased his hitting streak to 11 games.
The Nationals threatened in the eighth, loading the bases with one out but reliever Ryan Madson got Wilson Ramos to line to left and then struck out Willie Harris to retire the side.
Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in 28 chances.
Washington right-hander Jordan Zimmerman (0 - 2), making his fifth start of the season after undergoing Tommy John surgery last August, allowed six runs on nine hits in three innings. It was the second straight game Zimmerman has lasted just three innings. He has pitched just 20 innings in his five starts.
Washington jumped on Kendrick early. Danny Espinosa opened the game with a single and scored on Ian Desmond's triple. After hitting the next batter, the right-hander settled down, striking out Adam Dunn and Roger Bernadina before getting a groundout for the final out.
"I really wanted to be aggressive," Kendrick added.
Werth evened the score in the second inning by leading off with a homer to left before Valdez put the Phillies ahead for good with a double to left that scored Ibanez.
Philadelphia added three runs in the third, highlighted by Howard's shot that scored Chase Utley.
Two batters later, Ibanez homered to the opposite field to make it 5 - 1.
Washington got a run back in the sixth on Michael Morse's two - out single to left that scored Ryan Zimmerman.