PHILADELPHIA--Starting at the top, the Los Angeles Dodgers couldn't be stopped.
Andre Ethier had four hits, scored four runs and reached base six times, and Casey Blake and Jay Gibbons hit home runs to lead the Dodgers to a 15 - 9 battering of the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night.
Confidence wasn't an issue for an offense that had 18 hits, eight against starter Kyle Kendrick (7 - 5), who lasted only 3 1/3 innings. The top four hitters in the batting order--Scott Podsednik, Ryan Theriot, Ethier and James Loney--had 11 hits and scored 11 runs.
Podsednik and Theriot, two players acquired in trades last month, set it up for the big hitters.
Los Angeles started a seven - game road trip through Philadelphia and Atlanta with their highest-scoring game of the season. The Dodgers had gone 6 - 15 since the All-Star break before winning three straight.
The Dodgers already led 3 - 0 before scoring four runs in the fourth to chase Kendrick. Ethier, Loney and Blake all had run-scoring singles off reliever Antonio Bastardo. Blake finished with four RBIs.
Vicente Padilla (6 - 3) entered the game with a second-half ERA of 1.04 and had allowed just three runs in 26 innings. After cruising through the first three innings, the right-hander began to falter on a 91-degree night.
Ross Gload, playing first base for an injured Ryan Howard, hit the first of his two, two - run homers in the fifth, cutting the lead to 7 - 4, but the Dodgers answered with a four - run sixth inning.
After a 12-game home winning streak, the Phillies dropped two of their past three at Citizens Bank. They allowed 15 runs for the first time since Aug. 22, 2007, also in Philadelphia against the Dodgers.
Phillies rookie Domonic Brown hit the first home run of his career in the sixth inning off Ronald Belisario.
Gibbons returned to the major leagues on Aug. 8. His homer off David Herndon was his first since July 17, 2007, while with the Baltimore Orioles.
Out of baseball for two years, and hoping to become a college assistant coach, Gibbons returned to Los Angeles in a minor league deal. A good season with Triple-A Albuquerque earned him a promotion.
He gained a new outlook while he was away.