WASHINGTON--Last season was rough as could be for Adam LaRoche: He tried to play through a torn labrum in his left shoulder, wound up hitting.172 with three homers in 43 games, then relented and had surgery.
The offseason that followed was filled with talk in Washington about whether the Nationals would sign free agent Prince Fielder to replace LaRoche at first base.
Nowadays? Fielder ended up in Detroit, LaRoche is healthy and batting cleanup--and carrying the NL East-leading Nationals.
On Wednesday night, LaRoche broke open a tight game with a three - run double for his 1,000th career hit after homering for No. 999, Gio Gonzalez took over the NL strikeout lead from teammate Stephen Strasburg by fanning 10 in seven innings, and Washington beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4.
Batting fourth while slugger Michael Morse is on the disabled list, LaRoche's.339 batting average, seven homers and 29 RBIs all pace Washington.
Talk about a turnaround.
LaRoche, for his part, said he isn't motivated by any of that sort of chatter as much as by an inner desire to make up for a lost 2011.
LaRoche and Xavier Nady--teammates in Pittsburgh in 2007 - 08--hit consecutive homers off Erik Bedard (2 - 5) in the sixth. It was Nady's 100th career homer.
The next inning, facing reliever Evan Meek with the bases loaded and two outs in a 4 - 3 game, LaRoche lined the first pitch down the right field line.
LaRoche, who also singled in the first inning, didn't realize exactly where his total was until he turned to see the scoreboard noting his milestone.
Nationals reliever Tyler Clippard let in one run in the eighth, and struggling fill-in closer Henry Rodriguez overcame an error by shortstop Ian Desmond for his ninth save in 12 chances. With another reliever warming in the bullpen just in case, Rodriguez struck out Clint Barmes with a 99 mph fastball, then got Josh Harrison to ground into a double play.
In Bedard's six innings, he gave up four runs, three on solo shots. In his previous outing, a week earlier against Washington, Bedard lasted eight pitches before departing because of back spasms.
This time, the second batter Bedard faced, 19-year-old Bryce Harper, barely missed connecting for a homer in the third consecutive game, sending a shot high off the out-of-town scoreboard on the wall in right field and ending up with his first major league triple. Ryan Zimmerman's groundout drove home Harper.
Desmond made it 2 - 0 in the third with his fifth homer, and LaRoche and Nady made it 4 - 0 in a three - pitch span three innings later.
In the seventh, Gonzalez walked Barajas, then gave up Harrison's first homer of the season, a two - run shot to left that cut Washington's lead to 4 - 3. That ended Gonzalez's streak of 58 innings without allowing a homer.
Still, the Pirates' offensive woes continued: They've gone a dozen games without scoring more than five runs in any.
Nationals RHP Jordan Zimmermann (2 - 3) faces Pirates RHP James McDonald (2 - 2) on Thursday to close the two - game series.