LOS ANGELES--Zack Greinke felt the Milwaukee Brewers were primed for a turnaround. Now he's hoping for an even bigger surge for his team.
Greinke pitched effectively for six innings, Aramis Ramirez and Carlos Gomez each hit a two - run homer, and the Brewers beat the major league-leading Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 2 on Thursday night to complete a four - game sweep.
The Brewers won the season series 6 - 1 for their best record against the Dodgers since shifting from the American League to the National League in 1998. They are the first visiting team to sweep a four - game series at Chavez Ravine since August 1993.
The Brewers won the finale without NL MVP Ryan Braun, who was scratched because of tightness in his right Achilles tendon. He first experienced it May 1 at San Diego, when he hurt himself sliding into second base a day after hitting three home runs against the Padres, and has been playing through it ever since.
The Dodgers also played without their No. 3 hitter, Matt Kemp, and will be without the slugger for at least a month. The All-Star center fielder, who was runner-up to Braun in last year's MVP voting, was placed on the 15-day disabled list after reinjuring his left hamstring Wednesday night while running the bases in his second game back from the disabled list.
Greinke (7 - 2) allowed a run and nine hits in his Dodger Stadium debut, striking out seven and walking one. The nine - year veteran, who surrendered seven runs and 10 hits over 2 1/3 innings in an 8 - 5 loss Saturday at Arizona, allowed at least one hit in every inning he pitched and stranded eight baserunners. It was the fourth time in his past five starts that he allowed fewer than two runs.
Chad Billingsley (2 - 4) struck out eight in six innings for Los Angeles but yielded four runs and six hits. The right-hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.13 ERA over his past nine starts, a stretch that began with a no-decision at Milwaukee after he beat San Diego and Pittsburgh in his first two outings.
This is the longest winless drought of Billingsley's seven - year career. He was 0 - 5 with a 5.08 ERA in his final seven starts of 2009, and last season he went 0 - 1 with a 4.78 ERA during another seven - game stretch.
The Brewers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning when Rickie Weeks hit an RBI single and Taylor Green scored on a fielder's choice grounder by Martin Maldonado.
Billingsley got one of the runs back in the bottom half, driving in Jerry Hairston Jr. with a two - out single for his first RBI of the season. But Greinke minimized the damage, throwing a called third strike past A. J. Ellis with the bases loaded, and Ramirez increased Milwaukee's margin to 4 - 1 in the third with a two - run homer to left on an 0 - 2 pitch.
Billingsley retired the first two batters in the fifth before plunking Corey Hart, who was 0 - for - 14 lifetime against him before that plate appearance. A single by Ramirez and a walk to Green loaded the bases, but the 27-year-old from Defiance, Ohio, escaped the jam by retiring Weeks on a popup.