MIAMI--Florida Marlins fans booed slumping Hanley Ramirez when he struck out in the eighth inning. Two batters later, they demanded a curtain call from Mike Stanton.
The turnaround in mood came quickly Sunday for the Marlins, who blew an eighth-inning lead before Stanton hit a three - run homer to beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 3.
Omar Infante had a bases-loaded triple, Florida's only hit off Rockies starter Ubaldo Jimenez.
The Marlins won with just three hits, none by Ramirez. The All-Star shortstop drew jeers for the second game in a row and finished 0 for 4, dropping his average to.182.
Even so, Ramirez said he's having the most fun of his career.
It helps that the Marlins are winning. By taking two of three in the series, Florida (13 - 7) matched the best 20-game start in franchise history, achieved in 2004.
After Colorado scored twice in the top of the eighth, Infante singled in the bottom half against Matt Belisle (2 - 1). With two out, Gaby Sanchez walked, and Stanton pulled a hanging 1 - 0 slider into the left-field seats.
Stanton's second homer this year earned him a curtain call from the crowd of 11,442. Slowed earlier by injuries to both hamstrings, the young slugger has hiked his average to.265.
Mike Dunn (1 - 0) struck out Seth Smith with runners at the corners to end the eighth. Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save in as many chances.
The game matched Josh Johnson against Jimenez--two pitchers who finished in the top five in NL Cy Young Award voting last year. Both brought their good stuff, and the teams remained hitless through the first 156 pitches.
The game wasn't exactly what Ramirez had in mind. The hitless afternoon left him 2 for his past 27, and manager Edwin Rodriguez said he may give the 2009 NL batting champion a day off Monday.
His attitude has drawn criticism in the past, and last year he was briefly benched for a lack of hustle. But new Marlins catcher John Buck praised the way Ramirez has dealt with his slump.
"Whatever he has been in the past is far from what I've experienced here. And if he gets going, it's going to be something fun."
The Rockies are sputtering at the plate, too, despite leading the NL West. They had six hits against four Florida pitchers and totaled only 13 in the three - game series.
They did muster a rally from a 3 - 1 deficit in the eighth it against Clay Hensley. Carlos Gonzalez hit a sacrifice fly and Troy Tulowitzki followed with a two - out RBI double.
The comeback cost the unbeaten Johnson his fourth win. He allowed three hits and one run in seven innings, inflating his ERA from 1.00 to 1.06, still the best in the majors.
Johnson held the Rockies hitless until Dexter Fowler and Jonathan Herrera hit back-to-back doubles with two out in the sixth. That ended a streak of 22 consecutive scoreless innings for Johnson.
The victory provided him plenty of consolation. In addition, after the game he got to meet actor Charlie Sheen, who was in attendance.