NEW YORK--After the New York Mets missed, Chase Utley connected twice.
Utley hit a grand slam and a solo homer after Noah Syndergaard threw a 99 mph fastball behind his back, and the Los Angeles Dodgers went deep a season-high five times in routing New York 9 - 1 on Saturday night.
In a scene that seemed inevitable since October, Syndergaard was immediately ejected following the third-inning pitch--which certainly appeared to be his shot at retaliation against Utley for the late takeout slide that broke the right leg of then-Mets shortstop Ruben Tejada in last year's playoffs.
Plate umpire Adam Hamari tossed Syndergaard, sending Mets manager Terry Collins into a rage, but no trouble ensued between the teams. A longtime New York nemesis, Utley raised one hand slightly in the direction of the Dodgers' bench to keep teammates calm--and later responded by doing all sorts of damage with his bat.
Kenta Maeda gutted through five innings and Chase Utley responded to the Mets' fury with two home runs as the Dodgers rolled.
Adrian Gonzalez homered and had four hits for the Dodgers, who spoiled the Mets' 30th anniversary celebration of their 1986 World Series championship. Howie Kendrick and Corey Seager also connected, all after Syndergaard was gone.
Kenta Maeda (4 - 3) shook off an early line drive that hit him on the pitching hand and threw five shutout innings. The right-hander yielded two hits, both singles in the first, and stopped his three - game losing streak.
The stoic Utley is playing at Citi Field this weekend for the first time since Tejada was injured. The Mets--and their fans--were incensed by the aggressive slide, which led to a change in baseball rules this season designed to protect infielders in what some call the Utley Rule.
But the Mets had not tried to retaliate until Saturday night; Utley played all four games without incident May 9 - 12 when the teams split a series in Los Angeles.
With one out and nobody on in the third inning of a scoreless game, Syndergaard's first pitch to Utley sailed behind the second baseman by a considerable margin.
Hamari immediately ejected Syndergaard, prompting Collins to come storming out of the dugout. Collins also was ejected after screaming at Hamari and pointing in his face during an animated argument. The manager was finally escorted back toward the New York dugout by another umpire.
"The ruling was that he intentionally threw at the batter," crew chief Tom Hallion told a pool reporter. "We can either warn or eject. And with what happened in that situation, we felt the ejection was warranted."
Hallion said no warnings were issued before the series.
Collins said he had never before seen a pitcher get ejected without a warning.
After waiting near the mound with teammates for some time, Syndergaard walked calmly to the Mets dugout without showing any emotion as the crowd cheered him.
Collins acknowledged he's a little concerned Syndergaard might get suspended.
Logan Verrett (3 - 2) entered for the Mets and, with a vocal contingent in the sellout crowd of 42,227 urging him to hit Utley with a pitch, eventually threw a called third strike past him. But then Utley homered on Verrett's first pitch of the sixth for a 1 - 0 lead.
Booed all night, Utley added his sixth career slam off Hansel Robles in the seventh, making it 6 - 0 with his 38th homer against the Mets.
Pinch-hitter Juan Lagares homered in the eighth for New York, long after the outcome was decided.
In the series opener Friday night, Utley was greeted with loud jeers and derisive chants. He had four RBI in a 6 - 5 loss, including a three - run double that tied the score with two outs in the ninth.