The Boston Celtics defeated the New York Knicks, 121 - 112, at Madison Square Garden on Saturday evening. The Celtics (42 - 19) have been more renowned for their defense than their work on the other end of the floor, although the team's stellar record is naturally the product of a strong all - around effort. However, the script was somewhat flipped Saturday, as Boston's offense turned out to be the linchpin of what was a third consecutive road triumph. After a tight first quarter that saw the Knicks (24 - 37) emerge with a slim 24 - 23 advantage, the visitors exploded for 36 points in the second to take a 59 - 56 halftime lead. They kept their foot on the gas in the second half as well, outscoring their hosts by a 62 - 56 margin to secure the victory. Kyrie Irving led the Celtics with a near triple - double with 31 points, nine rebounds, eight assists and two steals. Jaylen Brown followed with 24 points, three rebounds and one assist. Terry Rozier provided a bench - leading 14 points and supplemented them with three rebounds and one assist. Al Horford posted a 13 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included three blocks. Jayson Tatum delivered a full line of 11 points, five boards, four assists, four steals and one block. Marcus Smart matched Tatum's point total off the bench and added five assists, two rebounds and three steals across 28 minutes. Daniel Theis drew the start for Aron Baynes (elbow) and generated six points, seven rebounds, one assist and one block. Trey Burke continued his stellar play while pacing the Knicks with 26 points in 26 minutes off the bench. He added eight assists and one steal. Tim Hardaway Jr. poured in 17 points and added two rebounds, two assists and one steal. Michael Beasley contributed 15 points, eight boards and one steal. Troy Williams accounted for 14 points, four rebounds and one steal. Emmanuel Mudiay supplied 13 points, six assists, four rebounds and one steal. Enes Kanter registered nine points, 12 boards, one steal and one block. Frank Ntilikina totaled eight points, five boards, one assist and one steal. The Celtics head back home to tangle with the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday evening, while the Knicks remain in the Big Apple and await a visit from the defending champion Golden State Warriors on Monday night as well.