LOS ANGELES (AP)--Chris Volstad was one out away from a complete-game shutout in his first major league start. He didn't get it, because All-Star Russell Martin singled up the middle just past the outstretched glove of shortstop Hanley Ramirez to drive in a run.
Volstad wasn't complaining after Kevin Gregg finished the Florida Marlins' 3 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night. He even had a 3 - 0 lead before he took the mound, thanks to home runs by Jeremy Hermida and Jorge Cantu.
Volstad took a three - hitter into the ninth before giving up a leadoff single by pinch-hitter Delwyn Young, who advanced on Andre Ethier's one - out grounder and scored on Martin's hit. Gregg got the last out for his 19th save in 25 chances, getting Jeff Kent to fly out to the warning track in right field.
Volstad (2 - 0) became the sixth pitcher since 1971 to get a victory as a starter and as a reliever in his first two big league appearances, joining teammate Doug Waechter, who did it with Tampa Bay in 2003. The 21-year-old right-hander was inserted into the rotation after former Dodger Mark Henderson was demoted to the bullpen with a 6.24 ERA in 19 starts.
Volstad threw two innings of scoreless relief at Colorado last Sunday, the day the Marlins promoted him from their Carolina farm club.
Volstad induced 13 groundball outs, including an inning-ending double-play ball in the seventh inning by Andruw Jones, who singled with two out in the fourth and was thrown out trying to steal.
The Marlins scored all of their runs against Eric Stults (2 - 2) after just 12 pitches by the left-hander. Ramirez, who capped his first career five - hit game on Thursday night at Dodger Stadium with a home run in the 11th inning, was hit on the left arm by Stults' third pitch and stole second on his next delivery.
Hermida then homered to right-center on a 2 - 0 count for his 10th of the season. Cantu followed with his 17th homer, a drive into the left-field pavilion on a 1 - 2 offering. It was the sixth set of back-to-back homers for the Marlins, who extended their consecutive-game home run streak to 13 games and broke the previous club record that was set last year.
Stults allowed six hits and struck out six in six innings. The two homers increased Florida's major league-leading total to 134. The Marlins hit a franchise-record 201 last year.
Ramirez is the only batter Stults has plunked in 30 1/3 innings over his five starts this year, and just the second in 86 2/3 career innings. He pitched 595 innings during his minor league career and hit only 11 batters.