MIAMI--Justin Bour found a way to end the Miami Marlins' flurry of double-play grounders Wednesday night--by hitting the ball over the fence.
Bour whacked a game-winning three - run homer with no outs in the ninth inning, and Miami rallied past the San Francisco Giants 6 - 5.
The Marlins won despite hitting into a franchise record-tying five double plays, including one on a grounder by Bour.
The Marlins trailed 5 - 3 to start the ninth, and rallied against Santiago Casilla (4 - 2), who blew a save for the fourth time in 24 chances.
The comeback took 11 pitches. Christian Yelich led off with a single, Adeiny Hechavarria singled, and Bour pulled a 1 - 0 sinker over the fence in right field for his eighth homer and first career walk-off homer.
Bour was greeted by a cluster of teammates and was doused with a sports drink as he crossed the plate.
The Marlins had been 0 - 38 when trailing after seven innings. Now they will go for a three - game sweep of the reigning World Series champions, with ace Jose Fernandez returning Thursday from a layoff of more than a year following Tommy John surgery.
Steve Cishek (2 - 5) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Marlins, who won despite being out-hit 14 - 8. They squandered a 3 - 1 lead and committed a season-high three errors, which led to two unearned runs.
The comeback cost Florida native Chris Heston his ninth victory. Heston, pitching before more than 20 friends and relatives, went six innings for the Giants and allowed three runs, all in the third.
San Francisco's five double plays matched the team record for a nine - inning game, achieved six other times. Shortstop Brandon Crawford homered and had a hand in all five DPs.
Miami starter Dan Haren allowed 10 hits and four runs, three earned, in 5 2/3 innings. He fared better at the plate, crossing up the Giants in the Marlins' three - run third inning when he faked a bunt on a 2 - 2 pitch and instead swung and singled past the first baseman to drive in a run.
With the defense charging, Haren made the decision to swing rather than bunt, Jennings said.
Miami's Dee Gordon, who hit a three - run inside-the-park homer Tuesday, this time stopped at third with an RBI triple. He extended his hitting streak to 12 games.