NEW YORK--Corey Oswalt made it worthwhile for all the friends and family members back home in the unusual position of rooting against the San Diego Padres in an early morning baseball game.
Oswalt beat his hometown Padres for his first major league win, pitching three - hit ball over five innings as the New York Mets defeated San Diego 6 - 4 Wednesday for their first series victory in two months.
Oswalt (1 - 2) made his fifth big league start and sixth appearance by pitching in a game that began at 9:46 a.m. PDT. He allowed two runs and two walks while striking out four, exiting after 62 pitches due to a sore right hand sustained when he was jammed during a third-inning at-bat.
Mets manager Mickey Callaway said he likely would have pinch hit for Oswalt during a four - run fifth inning even if the 24-year-old right-hander hadn't been nursing the sore hand. Oswalt issued both walks and plunked a batter during his final two innings.
Callaway said he expected Oswalt to be fine in a few days. Oswalt is not guaranteed another start in place of Noah Syndergaard (hand, foot and mouth disease), who is eligible to come off the disabled list Tuesday, the next time the Mets need a fifth starter.
New York announced before the game that slugging outfielder Yoenis Cespedes will have operations to remove calcifications in both of his heels, surgeries that are expected to have a recovery time of at least 8-to-10 months.
Since sweeping three games against Arizona from May 18 - 20, the Mets had lost 12 series and split five. The 17 straight series without a win was one short of the team record set in 1982.
San Diego has lost or split its last 11 series. The Mets and Padres have the two worst records in the National League.
Padres left-hander Clayton Richard (7 - 10) retired his first 12 batters on 36 pitches and carried a 2 - 0 lead into the fifth. Freddy Galvis grounded into a run-scoring double play in the first and Austin Hedges homered in the fifth.
Jose Bautista walked leading off the fifth to end the perfect game bid and scored on the Mets' first hit, a one - out single by Kevin Plawecki. Phillip Evans, pinch hitting for Oswalt, hit a tying single, and Amed Rosario followed with a two - run single.
Bautista chased Richard with a two - run homer in the sixth. Richard allowed six runs, five hits and two walks in five - plus innings.
Bautista's 339th homer tied him for 99th place with Tino Martinez, Dave Parker and Boog Powell.
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Tim Peterson before Robert Gsellman stranded a pair of runners by getting the final two outs of the inning. Anthony Swarzak got six outs for his second save of the season and the fourth of his career.