HOUSTON--The Cincinnati Reds were happy to get a lopsided win after a string of close victories where they needed closer Aroldis Chapman in three of the last four games.
They only wish Monday night's 8 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros wouldn't have taken so long.
Ryan Ludwick and Todd Frazier had three hits and two RBIs each and Brandon Phillips continued his solid play since the injury to Joey Votto with three hits to help the Reds to the win.
Ludwick connected on an RBI double in Cincinnati's two - run third inning and added a run with a single in the eighth. Frazier singled in a run in the first and had an RBI double in the eighth.
Phillips has 12 hits and nine RBIs in the eight games since moving to the third spot in the batting order when Votto went on the disabled list after arthroscopic surgery to repair his injured left knee.
The Reds have remained on track since Votto's injury, winning five straight and six of eight to stay atop the NL Central standings.
The loss was Houston's seventh straight and the Astros have lost 10 of 11 since the All-Star break including a 1 - 10 road trip.
Reds starter Mat Latos (8 - 3) allowed eight hits and two runs in five innings to bounce back from his last outing where he gave up six hits and five runs in 4 2/3 innings for his first loss since April 18.
Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez (7 - 9) allowed seven hits and three runs with six strikeouts in six innings. It was the third straight loss for the left-hander who continues to be the subject of trade rumors.
Chris Johnson tied a career high with four hits and drove in a run for Houston.
The Reds got contributions up and down the order on Monday as they matched their season high with 17 hits.
Drew Stubbs and Phillips hit consecutive one - out singles in the first inning before Stubbs advanced to third on a flyout. Frazier's RBI single to left field scored Stubbs to put Cincinnati up 1 - 0.
The Astros failed to capitalize on opportunities early. Johnson singled to start the second inning and Ben Francisco singled with one out. Latos plunked Chris Snyder in the arm to load the bases with two outs, but retired Rodriguez to end the threat.
Stubbs singled and stole second in the third inning. He scored on a double by Ludwick with one out to make it 2 - 0. Scott Rolen drew a two - out walk and Chris Heisey followed with an RBI single to right to push the lead to 3 - 0.
Rodriguez allowed just one hit after that--a single by Phillips in the fourth inning--before he was replaced by Wilton Lopez for the seventh. The Reds had a baserunner in both the fifth and sixth innings thanks to errors by the Astros.
Johnson singled in the fourth inning and Francisco added a single with one out. Latos intentionally walked Snyder with two outs, but Rodriguez extended his season-long drought to 0 for 37 with a flyout to end the inning.
Jose Altuve singled in the fifth before a double by Marwin Gonzalez down the left field line. Latos looked to have tweaked his left ankle on the pitch. He chatted with trainers for a bit before taking some warmup pitches and remaining in the game.
Baker said Latos sprained his ankle, but the pitcher said after the game that he was OK.
Altuve scored on a groundout by Scott Moore to cut Cincinnati's lead to 3 - 1. Johnson's one - out double, which bounced off the bullpen in right-center, scored Gonzalez to make it 3 - 2. A single by Justin Maxwell put runners at the corners. Maxwell stole second with two outs before Cincinnati intentionally walked Jordan Schafer to load the bases for the third time.
Latos retired Snyder to limit the damage and end his night. Rolen's RBI double to the corner in right field extended Cincinnati's lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh inning. Heisey singled with one out and Ryan Hanigan reached on a fielder's choice that left Rolen out at home.
Pinch-hitter Jay Bruce's RBI single to right left the Reds up 5 - 2.
Hanigan drove in the last of Cincinnati's eighth-inning runs with a single.
Houston added a run in the eighth when Snyder scored after Gonzalez grounded into a forceout.