SAN DIEGO--Kevin Correia is starting to regain the form that made him the most consistent starter for the San Diego Padres last year.
Correia took a one - hit shutout into the seventh inning and Jerry Hairston Jr. hit a two - run home run to lead the San Diego Padres to an 8 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
Correia faced the minimum through 6 1/3 innings before the Pirates chased him during a four - run rally in the seventh. Correia (9 - 7) won for the fourth time in five decisions.
Correia got Andrew McCutchen to fly out to left to open the seventh before allowing three straight singles to load the bases. He walked Pedro Alvarez to force in a run, prompting Black to bring in Ernesto Frieri. Frieri allowed Ryan Doumit's two - run double over Chris Denorfia's head and off the center-field fence. Chris Snyder's groundout brought in another run.
Correia struck out the side in the third and sixth innings, finishing with seven punchouts and one walk. He allowed four singles.
All-Star Adrian Gonzalez went 4 - for - 4 with a walk, drove in two runs and scored twice. Miguel Tejada scored three runs for the Padres, who beat the Pirates for the fifth straight time this season. The West-leading Padres (66 - 46) have the best record in the National League, while the Pirates (39 - 74) have the worst. San Diego remained 2 1/2 games ahead of San Francisco, which beat Chicago. The Padres are 20 games over.500 for the third time this season.
Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 36th chances and his 20th straight since May 29.
Pittsburgh starter James McDonald (1 - 2) was gone after allowing four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings. He struck out six and walked one.
McDonald threw a career-high 107 pitches.
Pittsburgh scored an unearned run in the eighth to pull to 7 - 5 before the Padres scored another run in the bottom of the inning.
The Padres scored three runs in both the fifth and sixth innings. Pirates reliever Chan Ho Park allowed Hairston's two - run homer and Gonzalez's RBI double, both with one out in the sixth, giving the Padres a 7 - 0 lead. It was Hairston's 10th, tying his career high set last year while with Cincinnati and the New York Yankees.
The Padres had six straight batters reach base with two outs in the fifth, scoring three runs to take a 4 - 0 lead. After Hairston and Tejada singled, Gonzalez hit an RBI single to center and Ryan Ludwick hit an RBI double to center. Chase Headley walked to load the bases and Yorvit Torrealba walked to bring in Gonzalez.
Leading off the fourth, Gonzalez bunted for a single to counter the shift opponents often put on against the left-handed slugger and took second on McDonald's throwing error. Gonzalez advanced on Ludwick's fly out and scored on McDonald's wild pitch, which bounced in the dirt and went over the screen into the stands.
Black felt the bunt gave the Padres a lift.