DENVER--Once Christian Bergman worked out the nervous energy, he settled in just fine.
Good thing, too, because Colorado needed him to pitch deep into the game after an extra-inning victory the night before.
Bergman worked into the seventh for his first major league win and Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer, helping the Rockies beat the Miami Marlins 7 - 4 on Sunday.
Bergman (1 - 2) was reinstated from the disabled list earlier in the day after missing 51 games with a broken left hand. The right-hander gave up nine hits and four runs in his first start since June 20.
Now Bergman just needs the game ball from his inaugural big league victory.
Arenado kept up his torrid month by going 2 for 4, raising his average to.388 in August. He also was hit on the right elbow in the fifth but stayed in the game with what he described as a stinger.
Miami's Brad Hand (2 - 6) settled down after giving up two early homers. But he lasted just 4 1/3 innings and was charged with four runs and nine hits.
Charlie Blackmon took advantage of a lackadaisical play by Giancarlo Stanton in right to turn a routine single into a double in the sixth. Stanton nonchalantly fielded a roller through the infield and casually threw it toward the infield. Blackmon immediately rounded first and easily slid into second.
The heads-up play paid off when Blackmon scored on Drew Stubbs' double to give the Rockies a 5 - 2 lead. Blackmon said the idea came to him the night before, watching Stanton play so deep in the outfield.
The All-Star outfielder insisted he wasn't caught off guard--it was just a hustle play by Blackmon.
His manager concurred.
That insurance run would come in handy. The Marlins scored twice in the seventh on an RBI double by Jeff Baker and a run-scoring single for Stanton. Juan Nicasio kept the Rockies in front by recording the final two outs of the inning.
DJ LeMahieu then gave Colorado some breathing room with a two - run double in the seventh.
Arenado hit his 14th homer in the first. Two batters later, Michael McKenry hit a solo shot off Hand.
The Rockies have won five of their last seven games in their best stretch since mid-June.