PHOENIX--Unable to shake the memory of getting hit in the head here nine months ago, Hiroki Kuroda felt more nervous than usual when he took the mound Wednesday night against the Arizona Diamondbacks.
He needed less than an inning to calm down.
Kuroda made a successful return to Chase Field and Manny Ramirez had three RBIs to help the Los Angeles Dodgers complete a three - game sweep of Arizona with a 6 - 3 win.
The right-hander walked the first batter he faced on four pitches but then retired nine straight en route to improving to 4 - 1.
Kuroda struck out nine while allowing three runs in 7 1/3 innings.
Andre Ethier added his 11th home run and had two RBIs for the Dodgers, who won their season-high fourth straight.
Jonathan Broxton allowed the tying run to get to the plate in the ninth before getting his fourth save in six attempts.
Adam LaRoche drove in all three runs for Arizona, which lost all six games of a homestand.
After playing 20 games in 20 days, the Diamondbacks have an off day Thursday before heading to Atlanta and Florida to try and break out of its slump.
Edwin Jackson (1 - 5) gave up six runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings.
Trailing by one with two outs in the seventh, the Diamondbacks intentionally walked Ethier--the National League leader in average, home runs and RBIs--to load the bases for Ramirez, a 12-time All-Star. He responded by lining a three - run double off the wall in center for a 6 - 2 lead.
Torre said when he was manager of the New York Yankees he intentionally walked the bases loaded ahead of Ramirez.
Kuroda, who returned three weeks after he was hurt, gave up a leadoff single to Conor Jackson before departing in the eighth with a four - run lead. Justin Upton and Mark Reynolds later drew back-to-back walks to load the bases with one out, but Arizona managed only one run, on a sacrifice fly by LaRoche.
Tony Abreu greeted Broxton with a single and Cole Gillespie walked with one out, but the Dodgers closer fanned the next two batters to end the game.
The series sweep was the first of the year for Los Angeles, which improved to 7 - 11 on the road.