ST. LOUIS (AP)--Rick Ankiel's big series helped the surprising Cardinals win a franchise-record 18 games this month.
Braden Looper worked six solid innings and Ankiel again supplied much of the offense with three hits and two RBIs to cap an 8 - for - 13 series, helping St. Louis hand Aaron Harang another tough-luck loss with a 5 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday.
Ankiel had a home run and five RBIs in the series; is 10 - for - 22 in the first six games of a nine - game homestand while raising his average to.291; and has the go-ahead RBI in six of St. Louis' victories. Before that, he had been in a 3 - for - 23 funk.
Ankiel's a common thread to past April excellence in St. Louis as the only player to have also been in the organization for two 17-win teams in 2000 and 2006, although he was recovering from knee surgery that interrupted his climb through the minor-league system in' 06.
Manager Tony La Russa, for whom Ankiel began his career as a hard-throwing 19-year-old left-hander in 1999, said Ankiel's timing at the plate had been just a bit off.
Aaron Miles drove in two runs and Jason Isringhausen earned his ninth save in 11 chances for the Cardinals, who last year needed 43 games to win No. 18. The total surpassed the previous best set in 2000 and 2006, when they were 17 - 8 each time, although this year they played three more games while going 18 - 11.
A heavy early home schedule helped the Cardinals, who are 12 - 6 at 3-year-old Busch Stadium. They took two of three from the Reds and have won four of five overall.
The opening month has also been a good one for Looper (4 - 1), who allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings while throwing a career-high 114 pitches. Looper, who moved to the rotation last year after a long career as a closer and setup man, is 7 - 2 with a 2.88 in 11 career first-month starts.
Harang (1 - 4) has worked at least six innings in each of his seven starts and has little to show for his 2.98 ERA because the Reds have totaled 23 runs in his outings. He allowed three runs on seven hits in six innings.
Edwin Encarnacion hit his team-leading seventh home run for the Reds, who are 3 - 5 since Walt Jocketty was named general manager. Jocketty was the Cardinals' GM for 13 seasons prior to this year.
Encarnacion homered for the first time in seven games leading off the second. Left fielder Chris Duncan just missed a leaping attempt in the corner as the ball went slightly under his glove and bounced off the top of the wall. Joey Votto followed with a double and scored on Ryan Freel's two - out infield hit.
The Cardinals needed a wild pitch by Harang to score a run in the second on three hits and a walk and then took a 3 - 2 lead in the third with four straight hits, including RBI singles by Miles and Ankiel. Skip Schumaker was safe on a close play at the plate on Miles' single, ducking under catcher David Ross' sweeping tag as he slid.
Miles' RBI double and Ankiel's run-scoring single off Kent Mercker made it 5 - 2 in the seventh.