WASHINGTON--T. J. Rivera will not forget his first major league home run anytime soon.
The rookie second baseman belted an 0 - 2 pitch off Mark Melancon into the left-field seats with one out in the 10th inning to lift the New York Mets to a 4 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night.
The Mets pulled within nine games of Washington in the NL East and remained a half-game ahead of St. Louis in the NL wild-card race. New York has won eight of its last 10 and is 17 - 6 since Aug. 20, gaining 3 1/2 games on Washington in that stretch.
Jeurys Familia (3 - 3) earned the victory despite surrendering two runs in the ninth to blow his fourth save of the season. Left-hander Jerry Blevins struck out Daniel Murphy for the final out to earn his first save since 2012.
Rivera, who won the Pacific Coast League batting title this season and entered the night with 41 career at-bats in the majors, probably would not have played if Wilmer Flores wasn't dealing with a stiff neck. Manager Terry Collins gave Rivera the start, and the move paid off even before the home run.
Rivera had an RBI single in the third and a sacrifice fly in the fifth, then took Melancon (2 - 2) deep after the Nationals rallied to force extra innings.
Washington mustered only four hits in the first eight innings, but quickly got to Familia in the ninth. Murphy led off with an infield single, and third baseman Jose Reyes threw Bryce Harper's grounder into the seats. Anthony Rendon and Wilson Ramos then delivered consecutive singles to tie it.
Familia then got Ryan Zimmerman to line out and pinch-hitter Clint Robinson to hit a soft liner to second that fooled pinch-runner Wilmer Difo, who was doubled off first.
After Jayson Werth's two - out single off Fernando Salas in the 10th brought the winning run to the plate, Collins called on Blevins. He got two strikes on Murphy, who then worked a full count before missing a curveball to end it.
Noah Syndergaard struck out 10 over seven innings for the Mets, yielding just one run and four hits.
Nationals starter A. J. Cole allowed three runs and nine hits in five innings.