NEW YORK (AP)--A week ago, the New York Mets returned from a road trip in disarray. Key injuries left the lineup with holes, and manager Willie Randolph's future looked bleak.
Then, Johan Santana beat Florida to stop the skid--just the way a staff ace should. And now, the suddenly surging Mets are headed back on the road after winning five of six.
Santana wrapped up New York's turnaround homestand by pitching into the eighth inning for his 100th win, Carlos Beltran and Ryan Church hit two - run homers and the Mets defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 1 Sunday night.
Back in the lineup after his second concussion this year, Church capped a five - run third with his shot to right. He finished with a double and three hits for the Mets (28 - 27), who took three of four from the Dodgers in manager Joe Torre's return to New York to win consecutive series for the first time since mid-April.
New York has won five of six, the run beginning a night after Randolph's much-publicized meeting with ownership last Monday.
The Mets have a good chance to keep their momentum going, too. Next up is a trip to San Francisco and San Diego, who are a combined 47 - 68. Pedro Martinez is slated to make his second start of the season Tuesday night against the Giants.
While the Mets head back on the road brimming with confidence, the Dodgers head home after winning just once on a seven - game trip. Los Angeles dropped to 3 - 22 when scoring three runs or fewer, and has been held to fewer than two runs in six of its last 10 games.
The Dodgers looked as though they might be coming out of their funk against Santana in the first, when Juan Pierre doubled leading off and scored on Matt Kemp's single.
But the left-hander gave up just three singles and two walks over the next six innings. He was lifted for reliever Joe Smith with runners on first and second and two outs in the eighth, tipping his cap to a big ovation from the crowd of 50,263.
Smith plunked Jeff Kent to load the bases, but Scott Schoeneweis got James Loney to ground out and end the threat.
Santana (7 - 3) gave up six hits, walked three and struck out six to win for the sixth time in seven decisions. The two - time Cy Young Award winner hasn't lost at Shea Stadium since April 12.
Dodgers starter Hiroki Kuroda left after giving up six runs and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings, the shortest start of his major league career.
Jose Reyes extended his hitting streak to 17 games with a first-inning single and scored on David Wright's bloop single to right, but the sparkplug shortstop's double leading off the third inning really got things going for the Mets.
Wright drove in Reyes with a single before Beltran hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Kuroda (2 - 5) over the right-center wall for his sixth homer of the year and second in two games.
After Kuroda walked Carlos Delgado, Church--who'd been out of the lineup since he was hurt May 20 trying to break up a double play at Atlanta--drove the third pitch he saw to right to make it 6 - 1.