CINCINNATI--Josh Beckett has pitched his home games in Los Angeles for almost two years now, and he'd almost forgotten what it was like to sit through a rain delay.
He handled this one with no problem
The right-hander waited more than 2 hours to make his start Tuesday night, but once he got on the mound, he was on top of his game. Beckett allowed two hits in six shutout innings, Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run single and the Dodgers defeated the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 1.
The Dodgers have looked far more lively on the open road than they have at their own ballpark, Mark Saxon writes.
Beckett (4 - 3), who had endured two consecutive 2 - 1 losses since his no-hitter May 25 in Philadelphia, finished with seven strikeouts and one walk. He also hit a batter with a pitch.
Beckett echoed Mattingly's assessment.
He also enjoyed better support from his offense, which scored more runs in one inning than it had in his previous two starts combined.
Yasiel Puig, Adrian Gonzalez, Andre Ethier and Justin Turner led the Los Angeles lineup with two hits apiece. Beckett got into the act with a single of his own for the Dodgers, who have won three straight and four of five.
Mike Leake, reached for a season-high five runs in his previous start Thursday against San Francisco, allowed five more and a season-high nine hits in 5 1/3 innings. Leake (3 - 6), who lost seven games last season, had seven strikeouts and one walk.
Reds first baseman Joey Votto, activated from the 15-day disabled list before the game after missing 23 games with a strained quadriceps in his left knee, went 1 for 3 with a single, two strikeouts and a walk.
After the start was delayed by rain for 2 hours, 5 minutes, the Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Gonzalez's leadoff double and Ethier's one - out double.
Beckett helped himself in a three - run fifth after Turner led off with a single. With one out, the pitcher faked a bunt and hit a chopper over charging third baseman Todd Frazier for his third hit in 23 at-bats this season.
Turner scored on Dee Gordon's double, and Ramirez drove in both runners with a single to right field.
That pretty much gave Los Angeles control. The largest deficit overcome by the Reds to win this season is two runs.
Cincinnati manager Bryan Price was impressed with the Dodgers' approach.
Los Angeles added a run in the sixth on Matt Kemp's one - out walk and back-to-back singles by Ethier and Turner, who has four consecutive multihit games. Puig singled, stole second and scored on Gonzalez's second double in the seventh.
Ethier is hitting.467 (7 for 15) with six RBIs against Leake.
The Reds avoided being shut out on Jay Bruce's leadoff double, Devin Mesoraco's infield single and Zack Cozart's one - out RBI single in the seventh. Mesoraco snapped a career-worst, 0 - for - 19 slump.