MINNEAPOLIS--Brian Dozier lost the All-Star Final Vote, then won the game.
Dozier hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth to cap a seven - run rally and give the Minnesota Twins an 8 - 6 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night.
After missing out on an All-Star nomination in the final player vote earlier in the day, Dozier had two hits and four RBIs, and hit his second game-winning homer of the week. Dozier homered off Detroit closer Joakim Soria (3 - 1), who blew his third save in 23 chances.
Hours after being passed over in the All-Star Final Vote, Brian Dozier capped an epic rally by the Twins with his second walk-off home run of the week.
The Twins scored seven times in the ninth off Soria and Bruce Rondon after being limited to one run by Justin Verlander, who went 7⅔ innings.
Trevor May (6 - 7) pitched a scoreless ninth, giving up two hits.
Dozier was part of the American League's final player vote for the All-Star Game and found out before the game he finished second to Kansas City third baseman Mike Moustakas.
Dozier--who entered Friday tied with Toronto All-Star Josh Donaldson for the most extra-base hits in the majors--hit a game-winning home run in the ninth on Monday after finding out he didn't make the All-Star team on the first balloting.
Dozier's RBI single in the eighth chased Verlander, who had the best outing of his truncated season.
Eddie Rosario had an RBI single in the ninth, Kurt Suzuki was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded, and Danny Santana drove in two runs with a single before Dozier's 19th home run of the season.
Verlander held Minnesota to five hits and one run while striking out six in his fifth start off the disabled list.
In his first four outings this season, Verlander had allowed 17 earned runs in 22⅔ innings. He looked in vintage form against his longtime rivals in the Central, giving up just two hits and a walk through the first seven innings.
Yoenis Cespedes had three hits, including a three - run homer, for Detroit. Victor Martinez and J. D. Martinez added home runs for the Tigers. In seven games without the injured Miguel Cabrera, Detroit has averaged 6.6 runs.
Ervin Santana gave up six runs in four innings for the Twins in his second start since returning from an 80-game suspension for a banned substance.