DENVER--San Francisco Giants pitcher Ryan Vogelsong had a ready response when asked if he saw a way out of his recent struggles.
Colorado pitcher Alex White homered off Vogelsong, and the Rockies went on to beat him for the first time in a 6 - 5 victory Monday night that snapped their five - game losing streak.
Buster Posey and Hunter Pence went deep for the Giants, who lost for only the second time in 10 road games. San Francisco's lead in the NL West was trimmed to five games over the idle Los Angeles Dodgers.
Vogelsong (12 - 8) allowed four runs and six hits over five innings in losing for the first time in seven career starts against the Rockies. He is 2/3 with a 9.57 ERA in six starts overall since Aug. 13, allowing 28 runs and 43 hits in 26 1/3 innings.
San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy said he's sure Vogelsong's pitching fortunes will turn around soon.
The right-hander entered 5 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in six previous starts against the Rockies, and the Giants had won all six games. But he was in trouble from the outset this time, allowing successive doubles to Tyler Colvin and Josh Rutledge, the first two batters he faced. One out later, Jordan Pacheco hit an RBI single to put the Rockies up 2 - 0.
The Giants trailed 6 - 2 before they got a two - run homer from Posey in the seventh inning off reliever Rex Brothers and then pulled within one in the eighth. Brandon Crawford drew a one - out walk from Matt Belisle, pinch-hitter Aubrey Huff singled and Angel Pagan followed with an RBI double, his third hit of the game.
Belisle got out of the jam by retiring Marco Scutaro and Pablo Sandoval.
Guillermo Moscoso (2 - 1) picked up the victory by working two innings, allowing one run on three hits. Rafael Betancourt pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 28th save in 33 chances.
Colorado manager Jim Tracy was ejected in the bottom of the seventh by second base umpire Angel Campos after a heated argument over an inning-ending double play. Campos ruled that Scutaro tagged Rutledge before throwing to first to get Carlos Gonzalez. Tracy, ejected for the third time this season, argued that Scutaro missed the tag.
The Rockies also lost catcher Ramon Hernandez to a left hamstring strain sustained while running out a double in the fourth. He was replaced by pinch-runner Wilin Rosario, who advanced when Chris Nelson reached on first baseman Brandon Belt's fielding error and came home on Charlie Blackmon's double-play grounder.
White hit his first career homer in the second, offsetting a drive he allowed in the top of the inning to Pence for the Giants' first run.
A two - out error by Sandoval on Rosario's grounder to third opened the door to a pair of runs by the Rockies in the sixth. Nelson followed with a run-scoring triple and Blackmon added an RBI single to build a four - run lead.
White was lifted after allowing one run and six hits in four innings after throwing 76 pitches, roughly the limit for starting pitchers in the Rockies' unorthodox four - man rotation.