ANAHEIM, Calif.--The Tampa Bay Rays made Felix Hernandez's perfect game look even more impressive by roughing up the Los Angeles Angels during an impressive four - game series sweep.
Matt Moore shrugged off home runs by Mike Trout and Albert Pujols to win his fourth straight decision, and the Rays beat the fading Angels 8 - 3 on Sunday.
Tampa Bay tagged Zack Greinke (1 - 2) and outscored the Angels 37 - 14 in the series--setting a franchise record for runs in a four - game set. The offensive barrage immediately followed Hernandez's gem for the Mariners on Wednesday.
Angels starting pitchers were 2 - 6 with a 7.57 ERA and allowed 13 homers during their 10-game homestand, forcing an injury-depleted bullpen to eat up 35 1/3 innings. In this series, Greinke, Dan Haren, Jered Weaver and C. J. Wilson combined to give up 27 earned runs and six homers in 17 1/3 innings.
Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer and Matt Joyce and Carlos Pena also drove in two runs apiece for the Rays. Tampa Bay won the season series 9 - 1 for its best showing against the Angels in the club's 15-year history.
Saturday night's 10 - 8 win, which Pena helped decide with a pinch-hit two - run homer in the eighth inning against Kevin Jepsen, made the Rays the first visiting team to beat the Angels after trailing by at least eight runs.
The Angels are a season-worst nine games out of first place in the AL West after their 13th loss in 18 games, and trail Baltimore by 4½ games for the second wild card in the AL.
Moore (10 - 7) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings. The 23-year-old left-hander is 9 - 2 with a 2.79 ERA over his last 14 starts, including a 3 - 0 win on July 28 at Anaheim to begin his winning streak.
Greinke gave up six runs and seven hits over six innings in his fifth start for the Angels, who acquired the 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner from Milwaukee for three prospects. He struck out eight and walked four.
The 28-year-old right-hander has allowed at least four earned runs in four consecutive starts for the first time in his nine - year career. He also dropped a 2 - 0 decision to the Rays on July 29 in his Angels debut.
The Rays grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the second when Greinke hit No. 9 hitter Elliot Johnson on the leg with the bases loaded on his first pitch to him. Greinke forced home another run with a two - out walk to B. J. Upton before Joyce capped the burst with a two - run single.
Moore had gone eight starts and 56 2/3 innings without allowing a home run until Trout led off the fourth with his 24th. But Roberts responded in the fifth with a drive into the left-field bullpen to extend Tampa Bay's lead to 6 - 1.
Moore gave up two - out singles to Erick Aybar and Vernon Wells in the fifth and appeared to be out of the jam when Bobby Wilson hit a foul pop. Catcher Jose Molina camped under it about 10 feet to the right of the plate, but first baseman Pena collided with him and elbowed him in the head as the ball popped loose, and Pena was charged with the Rays' only error of the series. Molina was checked out by a trainer and allowed to continue.
Moore walked Wilson on the next pitch, loading the bases, but retired Trout on a fly ball.
Pujols hit his 28th homer and 473rd of his career in the sixth, putting him two away from tying Stan Musial and Willie Stargell for 28th place.