ANAHEIM, Calif.--Now that the Los Angeles Angels have ended the Texas Rangers' 12-game winning streak, their next objective is to win the rubber game of their three - game series and eventually pass the defending AL champions in the West Division standings.
There certainly is enough time to do it.
Howie Kendrick had three hits and four RBIs, including a go-ahead two - run single, and the Angels rallied from five runs down for a 9 - 8 victory Wednesday night.
Jered Weaver will face C. J. Wilson in Thursday's series finale, with each pitcher having won his past six decisions.
The Angels, who lost the series opener 7 - 0, trail the Rangers by four games.
Torii Hunter homered for the Angels, whose six - run rally in the sixth inning wouldn't have been possible had it not been for two infield singles to shortstop by Mike Trout and Alberto Callaspo on close plays.
Rangers left-hander Derek Holland, coming off consecutive shutouts against Oakland and Seattle, took an 8 - 3 lead into the sixth before giving up hits to four of the five batters he faced--including RBI singles by Mark Trumbo and Trout and a run-scoring double by Erick Aybar.
Bobby Abreu narrowed the gap to 8 - 7 with an RBI single against Tommy Hunter, and Kendrick put the Angels ahead to stay with his bases-loaded single with one out after a walk to Wells and Callaspo's hustling hit. The six - run inning equaled the Angels' biggest this season.
"They got two infield hits hustling down the line that inning. That's what hurt us. If we get those two outs, we're off the field with a lead. But Trout beat one out and then Callaspo beat one out. That was the real damage."
Angels starter Dan Haren lasted only 4 1/3 innings and gave up a season-worst seven runs along with nine hits. Hisanori Takahashi (3 - 2) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the victory, Scott Downs worked two perfect innings and All-Star rookie Jordan Walden got three outs for his 22nd save in 28 chances, striking out Nelson Cruz with the potential tying run at third.
The Rangers grabbed an 8 - 3 lead with a five - run fifth. Josh Hamilton hit a go-ahead RBI single and Young drove in two with a double that chased Haren. David Murphy greeted Takahashi with a bloop single, and two more runs scored when Yorvit Torrealba hit a line drive to left that Wells appeared to have lost in the lights and had to chase back to the fence.
Hamilton singled with two outs in the Rangers' first and scored on Adrian Beltre's double off the wall in right-center. The Angels responded in the bottom half with a bases-loaded two - run single by Kendrick. Those two runs matched the total number of runs the Rangers' pitching staff had allowed over their previous six games combined, a stretch that included four shutouts.
Hunter increased the Angels' lead to 3 - 1 in the third with his 12th homer, ending an 0 - for - 18 drought that began with his first at-bat following the All-Star break. But the Rangers pulled even in the fourth when Murphy hit a two - run homer after a single by Young.