CINCINNATI--Power boosted the Cincinnati Reds to a rare win.
Scooter Gennett, Eugenio Suarez and Tucker Barnhart homered, and the Reds beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 3 Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep.
Billy Hamilton had three hits and stole a pair of bases to increase his major league-leading total to 43 as the Reds finished a 2 - 8 homestand in which they allowed 23 homers and 72 runs. Opponents reached double figures in scoring four times.
Rookie right-hander Sal Romano (2 - 2) made his fourth and longest big league start, overcoming humid conditions allowing one run and three hits over six innings. A. J. Ellis homered in the fourth.
Romano relied on the clubhouse laundry to get through the game.
Romano walked one and struck out seven.
Raisel Iglesias gave up one hit over two innings for his first save since July 9, his 17th in 18 chances this year.
Miami's Giancarlo Stanton went 0 for 4 and finished the series without a home run. The NL home run leader had connected in three straight first innings entering the series.
He did throw out a pair of runners from right field, getting Barnhart at the plate in the second inning on Hamilton's RBI single and Joey Votto at third base in the sixth on Gennett's run-scoring single.
Votto also was hitless in four at-bats and went 4 for 33 on the homestand. His average has dropped to.297, down from.315 at the All-Star break.
Tom Koehler (1 - 5) gave up six runs--five earned--and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings. He is 0 - 4 in eight starts since winning at San Diego on April 23.
Koehler also fielded Votto's comebacker with runners at the corners in the fifth and threw the ball into center field, leading on Gennett's BRI single.
"It was just a terrible throw," he added. "I thought I had more time than I did and I threw it away. Now you've got to throw more pitches. Everything frustrating. I was frustrated with the whole game, but no one's going to feel sorry for me. The Reds aren't going to feel sorry for me when I see them again on Friday."
Gennett's 17th homer broke a 1 - 1 tie leading off the fourth, and Suarez started the sixth with his 16th homer, his fourth of the homestand.