ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Now the two biggest hits of Dan Johnson's career have come against the Boston Red Sox.
Johnson hit a lead-off homer in the 10th inning that gave the Tampa Bay Rays a 3 - 2 victory Saturday night.
He sent a 2 - 2 pitch from Scott Atchison (2 - 2) into the right-field stands for his second big homer against the Red Sox in three years. Before Saturday night, Johnson's most memorable moment was a game-tying homer off closer Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon on Sept. 9, 2008, that keyed an important comeback win en route to Tampa Bay's AL pennant.
Johnson started this season at Triple-A Durham--after playing in Japan last season--and was recalled on Aug. 2. He was 0 - for - 3 and had just three hits in his last 35 at-bats before the game-winning drive.
Johnson's key 2008 homer came on the day his contract was purchased from Durham by Tampa Bay. He arrived at game time because of flight delays.
Randy Choate (4 - 3) retired David Ortiz with a runner on first and two outs in the 10th.
Victor Martinez homered for Boston, which fell 5½ games behind the Rays and New York Yankees in both the AL East and wild-card races. Clay Buchholz came up short in a bid for his 16th win, getting a no-decision after giving up two runs and four hits in 7 1/3 innings.
Tampa Bay also got a homer from B. J. Upton. Matt Garza allowed one run and six hits in seven innings.
Boston went ahead 2 - 1 in the eighth when Martinez hit a solo homer off Joaquin Benoit. The Boston catcher had two homers off AL All-Star starter David Price in Boston's 3 - 1 win over the Rays on Friday night.
Upton tied it at 2 in the bottom of the eighth with his solo shot against Buchholz.
Buchholz's shutout streak ended at 26 innings in the seventh when Tampa Bay tied it at 1. Carlos Pena, who missed 14 games this month with a right foot injury, reached on a fielder's choice grounder and went to third when Buchholz was charged with an error for an errant pickoff throw. Pena scored when right fielder J. D. Drew made a running catch in foul territory near the wall on Matt Joyce's sacrifice fly.
Adrian Beltre put the Red Sox up 1 - 0 in the fourth with a sacrifice fly.
Buchholz got early defensive support from center fielder Ryan Kalish, who made a fully extended diving catch to take away a run-scoring extra-base hit from Upton with two outs in the second.