LOS ANGELES--The Cincinnati Reds kept rolling along during Johnny Cueto's seven - game suspension thanks to a pair of outstanding starts by Homer Bailey.
The right-hander pitched seven solid innings Friday night and the National League Central leaders beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 1 for their season-high seventh victory in a row.
Bailey (3 - 2) allowed a run and four hits, struck out six and walked two in his second outing since coming off the disabled list. This past Sunday, he tossed six innings of three - hit ball in a 2 - 0 win against Florida after missing almost three months because of inflammation in his shoulder.
Cueto finished serving the seven - game ban he received for his actions during the Reds' bench-clearing brawl with St. Louis on Aug. 10, when he was ejected for kicking several Cardinals players while pinned against the home plate screen. He will start Saturday night.
Arthur Rhodes pitched a perfect eighth and Francisco Cordero a scoreless ninth for his 33rd save in 39 attempts.
The Reds had lost their previous 12 games at Dodger Stadium since winning on July 28, 2005.
The win, coupled with St. Louis' home loss to San Francisco, increased Cincinnati's division lead to 4 1/2 games--the Reds' largest margin since May 18, 2002, when they held a five - game lead before finishing in third place. They are seeking their first division title since 1995, when they swept the Dodgers in the first round of the postseason.
Cincinnati (71 - 51) has won eight straight on the road and is a season-high 20 games over.500.
Dodgers rookie Carlos Monasterios (3 - 4) was charged with three runs and eight hits over 4 1/3 innings and had six strikeouts, a career high. Two of the runs were unearned, the result of his throwing error in the fourth. The 24-year-old right-hander came out of the bullpen to make his ninth big league start because Vicente Padilla went on the disabled list with a bulging disk in his neck.
Jamey Carroll drew a leadoff walk in the third for the Dodgers and scored the tying run on Ryan Theriot's bunt single with two outs.
Phillips had an RBI single in the second and a two - run single in the fourth, both with two outs.