SAN DIEGO--After the Padres had given Andrew Cashner the lead, he wasn't about to come out of the game.
When interim manager Pat Murphy paid a visit to the mound after a leadoff triple in the seventh, Cashner and his teammates told Murphy the game belonged to the right-hander.
Backed by home runs from Matt Kemp, Yonder Alonso and Brett Wallace, Cashner rewarded his manager's decision by getting out of the jam and turning in seven solid innings in San Diego's 3 - 1 victory over the Miami Marlins on Friday night.
When Cole Gillespie tripled leading off the seventh, Murphy popped out of the dugout right away. But before he reached the mound, Cashner was already lobbying to stay in the game.
After getting a foul pop out and a grounder back to the mound, Cashner (4 - 10) hit pinch-hitter Derek Dietrich before he retired Ichiro Suzuki on a line drive.
San Diego infielders were very vocal with Murphy as well as Cashner.
Wallace hit his first homer with San Diego leading off the fourth to tie the game at 1-all. Alonso and Kemp hit back-to-back homers on consecutive pitches in the fifth to make it 3 - 1. All the homers came off Dan Haren (7 - 6).
Cashner allowed a first-inning RBI double by Justin Bour, then clamped down on the Marlins as he ended their season-best three - game road win streak.
Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs, including retiring Suzuki on a grounder for the final out with runners on first and second. It was Kimbrel's 27th save in 28 chances.
Cashner hadn't pitched since July 8 because his last start on Sunday was rained out after he threw 4 2/3 innings. Cashner, who lost eight of his previous 10 decisions, gave up five hits, struck out five and walked one.
The back-to-back homers marked the first time the Padres have done that since July 27, 2013, at Arizona.
Kemp, who also had a double, continued his recent hot streak. Over his last 12 games, Kemp is hitting.386 (15 for 44) with five homers, six doubles, 11 RBI and seven multi-hit games.
The Padres snapped a three - game losing streak during which they were outscored 20 - 4 and had just 13 hits.
Haren allowed three runs and eight hits over six innings. He has given up five home runs in his last two starts after having allowed just two homers over a five - game stretch.
Haren has one win over his last nine starts.