CLEVELAND (AP)--Paul Byrd got an inside tip while warming up and then went out and used it.
Byrd pitched into the eighth inning and combined with Edward Mujica on a four - hitter, sending the Cleveland Indians to a 5 - 0 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night.
Byrd (5 - 10) gave up four hits over 7 2/3 innings and didn't allow a runner past second base. The right-hander struck out four, walked three and earned his second straight win after going 1 - 7 over a stretch of 10 starts.
Byrd said he found the confidence he needed to pitch inside while preparing for the game with bullpen catcher Dennis Malave, who stands in the batter's box while Indians pitchers warm up to get them accustomed to throwing to hitters.
Byrd did, sending the Tigers to their AL-worst 11th shutout in the opener of their season-high 10-game trip. Detroit, which remained 6½ games out in the Central, is hoping to make a move while playing four games in Cleveland and three apiece at Tampa Bay and Chicago against the division-leading White Sox.
Tigers manager Jim Leyland said his team isn't too far out to challenge.
Leyland said he will give his players a break from batting practice Tuesday after being baffled by Byrd, who improved to 10 - 2 in his career against Detroit.
Byrd allowed singles to Magglio Ordonez in the fourth, Matt Joyce in the seventh and Curtis Granderson in the eighth. Granderson doubled into the right-field corner to open the sixth, but Byrd got three quick outs on only 11 pitches.
Mujica struck out two in 1 1/3 innings for Cleveland, which tied the Boston Red Sox for the most shutouts in the majors with 11.
Kelly Shoppach and Asdrubal Cabrera hit home runs off Kenny Rogers (8 - 7) in a three - run sixth.
Rogers gave up five runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings on the 14th anniversary of his perfect game, for the Texas Rangers against the Angels.
The left-hander fell behind early and admitted he, too, needed to throw more pitches inside.
Grady Sizemore doubled and scored when Jhonny Peralta grounded into a fielder's choice in the first. Peralta's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the third.
Shoppach started the sixth with his ninth homer. Andy Marte hit the next pitch nearly 400 feet to straightaway center, where Granderson caught it with his back against the wall. Ryan Garko then lined a double down the left-field line and one out later scored on Cabrera's second homer for a 5 - 0 lead.