MINNEAPOLIS--Philip Humber and Chris Sale gave the Chicago White Sox exactly what the team needed after a lost weekend.
Humber pitched seven scoreless innings and Chicago beat the Minnesota Twins 2 - 1 Monday in the first game of a day-night doubleheader.
Juan Pierre had three hits and scored a run for the White Sox, who survived a nervous ninth inning to end a four - game skid. With Minnesota having scored once in the bottom of the ninth, Sale, the team's third pitcher of the inning, struck out Jason Repko with a man on first to end the game.
It was the kind of win Chicago needed because the White Sox came to Target Field after a weekend sweep in Detroit that dropped them 8 1/2 games behind the Tigers in the AL Central with 25 games to play. During the four - game slide, Chicago starters posted a 12.50 ERA while failing to get past the fifth inning. The White Sox bullpen wasn't much better with a 9.19 ERA in that time.
Brian Dinkelman had a career-high three hits for the Twins, who have lost three straight and seven of 10. Luke Hughes had a sacrifice fly in the ninth.
Humber (9 - 8) was making his first start since Aug. 18 when he was struck above the right eye by a line drive off the bat of Kosuke Fukudome. Despite no success with his curveball, he gave up six hits, struck out six and did not walk a batter. It was his first win since July 2.
In his previous six starts, the right-hander was 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA. Only three times did Minnesota get a man to second base against Humber--one of those was on a throwing error.
Humber was hit on the thigh by a comebacker in the second inning, putting a brief scare in the dugout. He was also hit by a batted ball in a Triple-A rehab start last Tuesday.
"I must be pitching with my eyes closed the way I'm getting hit," he joked. "I don't know why I'm even carrying a glove out there because I'm not using it."
Matt Thornton pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings, and closer Sergio Santos gave up a sacrifice fly to Luke Hughes in the ninth before Sale earned his sixth save in seven chances.
Anthony Swarzak (3 - 6) took the loss, allowing seven hits and striking out four in a career-high tying eight innings.
Minnesota's best threat against Humber came in the seventh when Danny Valencia led off with an infield single and moved to second two batters later on a bunt single by Hughes. However, Rene Rivera hit into an around-the-horn double-play to end the inning.
A. J. Pierzynski scored on a fielder's choice in the second and Alexei Ramirez had an RBI double in the third for a 2 - 0 lead. In each inning, Chicago left a runner on third base.
After Ramirez's double, Swarzak retired 12 of 14 batters. The lone batters to reach--Alejandro De Aza and Pierre--were each thrown out by Rivera trying to steal second.
With so much uncertainty around the Twins staff, Swarzak hopes a strong September will make him a contender for Minnesota's 2012 rotation. He'll likely get five or six more chances with Nick Blackburn done for the season with a right lateral forearm strain, Francisco Liriano (left posterior shoulder strain) and Scott Baker (right flexor strain) on the disabled list and Brian Duensing day-to-day with a right oblique strain.
Dinkelman, recalled from Triple-A Rochester Sunday, started at second base for Minnesota. He's been playing more outfield recently but he said infield is his natural position.