HOUSTON--Wandy Rodriguez gave the Houston Astros' pitching staff a much-needed boost on Sunday.
Rodriguez pitched seven shutout innings and Geoff Blum hit a two - run homer in the Houston Astros' 2 - 0 win over the Milwaukee Brewers.
Rodriguez (11 - 6) allowed five hits and struck out three in his first start since leaving his outing eight days ago with a strained right hamstring. The left-hander won his sixth straight decision and gave up one earned run or fewer for the seventh consecutive appearance.
In the last two weeks, Rodriguez, Roy Oswalt and Mike Hampton have all been injured. Oswalt will start Tuesday in Florida after leaving his last start with a sore back and Hampton left Saturday's game after two innings with a lateral meniscus tear in his right knee.
Houston manager Cecil Cooper was unsure how long Rodriguez would last after missing a full week, but Rodriguez seemed to pitch better with each inning.
Jose Valverde got the final four outs for Houston to earn his 15th save of the season and second of the series.
Blum hit his fifth homer since the All-Star break in the fourth inning off Yovani Gallardo (10 - 9) after Carlos Lee walked. Gallardo allowed six hits and struck out four in seven innings.
The Brewers were shut out for the fourth time in games Gallardo has started. The 23-year-old right-hander lost two 1 - 0 decisions before Sunday.
Rodriguez had shaky command early, walking leadoff man Felipe Lopez on four pitches. In the second, Rodriguez hit Jason Kendall with a pitch and walked Gallardo, but escaped a two - out, bases-loaded jam when Lopez grounded out.
Gallardo allowed three hits in the first three innings, including a double by Jason Michaels. Michaels, who homered twice in Friday's 6 - 3 Astros win, came in batting.345 in his last 19 games.
Lee walked with one out in the fourth before Blum launched a 1 - 0 pitch into the right-field seats, his seventh homer of the season.
Michaels and Humberto Quintero walked and Michaels tried to score on Rodriguez's infield single. But Prince Fielder threw to the catcher Kendall, who tagged out Michaels one step from the plate.
Rodriguez allowed only four hits after the second inning. Bill Hall singled with one out in the sixth before J. J. Hardy to rolled into a double play. Lopez singled with two outs in the seventh and Mike Cameron flew out on Rodriguez's 116th pitch.
Jeff Fulchino relieved for the eighth and Michael Bourn helped him with an over-the-shoulder, running catch on Casey McGehee's fly ball to deep center. The Brewers put two men on with two outs before Valverde relieved and retired Craig Counsell on a popup.
The Astros have won seven of the last nine games Rodriguez has started.