DETROIT (AP)--The Detroit Tigers' big-name offense finally came through with some big-time hits.
Edgar Renteria hit a grand slam to cap the Tigers' six - run eighth inning to help Detroit end a four - game losing streak with a 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians.
The Tigers made a splash in the offseason, adding slugger Miguel Cabrera and ace Dontrelle Willis to send a their star-studded payroll up to nearly $139 million. But Detroit is 11 games below.500 even after today's triumph, closer to the last-place Royals in the AL Central standings than the similarly disappointing Indians, who are third after winning the division a year ago.
Cleveland has been let down by poor hitting and a shaky bullpen, the latter of which was particularly noticeable on Saturday.
Marcus Thames homered on Masa Kobayashi's first pitch of the eighth, tying the game at 3.
Two pitches later, Magglio Ordonez doubled, bringing Rafael Betancourt out of the bullpen, but the former star continued his season-long struggles. Cabrera hit a line drive to left that seemed to fool Ben Francisco, sailing over his glove for an RBI single.
Carlos Guillen singled and a sacrifice put runners on second and third. Brandon Inge was intentionally walked, and Ryan Raburn struck out before Renteria hit his sixth career grand slam.
Zach Miner (3 - 3) pitched two innings in relief of starter Kenny Rogers. Todd Jones got the final out for his ninth save.
Kobayashi (3 - 3) lost for Cleveland, which fell to 4 - 5 on an 11-game road trip.
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Cabrera misplayed Franklin Gutierrez's grounder at first and Kelly Shoppach hit a ground-rule double.
Carlos Guillen tied the game in the fourth with a two - run homer off starter Aaron Laffey, but a throwing error by Rogers set up Ryan Garko's go-ahead sacrifice fly in the sixth.
Laffey gave up two runs in 6 2/3 innings, one start after giving up eight to Texas.
Detroit put runners on second and third with two out in the bottom of the seventh before Kobayashi retired Placido Polanco, but he couldn't get through the eighth.
Wedge was particularly disappointed with Betancourt, whose ERA rose to 7.27.