CHICAGO--The squeeze was on as Chris Getz made a dash from third and headed for the plate.
When Carlos Zambrano threw outside and wild, Getz got a steal of home Sunday and the White Sox were on their way to a whacky 6 - 0 victory over the Cubs.
It's also the play that seemed to unnerve Zambrano. The emotional Cubs ace hit DeWayne Wise with the very next pitch and a short time later was out of the game.
Getz's steal that made it 4 - 0 was just one rare play in the sixth inning Sunday. After he was hit by Zambrano, Wise later scored when an infield fly rule was called with the bases loaded
"Sure enough it was."
Wise had a few words for Zambrano as he headed to first and plate umpire Brian Runge stepped between them before ushering Zambrano back to they mound.
John Danks (6 - 6) allowed four hits over seven innings and reliever Scott Linebrink completed the shutout as the White Sox won two of three before sellout crowds at U. S. Cellular Field. The teams split two games at Wrigley Field last week and still have a makeup game to play from a rainout in that earlier series.
Zambrano (4 - 3) gave up nine hits, including a homer to Alexei Ramirez, and was charged with five runs, four of them earned in 5 1/3 innings.
Cubs manager Lou Piniella went to the mound for a visit, and after Wise stole second and Scott Podsednik walked, he came out again to remove the emotional right-hander.
Ramirez then blooped a single to left against reliever David Patton to load the bases. As Jermaine Dye hit a towering pop that fell behind shortstop Ryan Theriot into short left field, umpires called the infield fly rule. Dye was called out, but Wise had raced home when the ball fell in--Theriot was given an error on the play--and the White Sox had a 5 - 0 lead.
When Danks plunked Ryan Freel to start the seventh, Runge issued a warning to both benches.
Podsednik, who had four hits Saturday, was hit by a pitch by Zambrano with one out in the third. Ramirez then drove a 1 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats for his 10th homer, giving the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead.
Singles by A. J. Pierzynski and Gordon Beckham gave the White Sox runners at the corners in the fourth. With Beckham breaking for second, Wise hit an infield single off the glove of Cubs second baseman Andres Blanco to make it 3 - 0.
Danks ran into trouble in the sixth. A leadoff double by Alfonso Soriano and back-to-back two - out walks to Derrek Lee and Jake Fox loaded the bases.
But he was bailed out when Ramirez, who had two errors Saturday, went to his knees in the hole to stab Soto's hard grounder and threw to third to barely force out Lee.
The loss ended a tumultuous weekend for the Cubs. Piniella got into a confrontation with Milton Bradley and sent the outfielder home in the sixth inning. Bradley was back in the lineup on Saturday, but that didn't stop the controversy.
According to the Chicago Tribune, Cubs pitching coach Larry Rothschild accused a White Sox clubhouse employee of leaking the content of the Piniella-Bradley argument to the media. Piniella reportedly called the outfielder a "piece of [expletive]." He apologized on Saturday.
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen later said that the Cubs didn't handle the situation correctly and should have spoken to White Sox management, according to the Tribune.