LOS ANGELES--The Dodgers' newfound aggression on the basepaths paid off with a second straight victory over the defending World Series champions.
Rafael Furcal singled in the go-ahead run to highlight a three - run sixth inning in Los Angeles' 4 - 3 win against the San Francisco Giants on Friday night.
The Giants remained winless after losing 2 - 1 in the teams' season opener a night earlier. They had two more errors to go with the three they committed in the first game.
In the opposite dugout, new manager Don Mattingly matched the 2 - 0 start of mentor and retired Dodgers skipper Joe Torre in 2008.
Another newcomer is making his mark, too. The Dodgers brought in Davey Lopes as first-base coach after a 30-year absence from the organization, and he spent the spring fostering an attacking mindset on the basepaths.
Chad Billingsley (1 - 0) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings, struck out four and walked one. The right-hander, who signed a three - year contract Wednesday, improved to 5 - 1 with a 1.37 ERA against the Giants at home since 2008.
Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth to earn his second save.
Jonathan Sanchez (0 - 1) gave up four runs--two earned--and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings, struck out eight and walked three.
The Dodgers rallied from a two - run deficit with three runs in the sixth. James Loney's sacrifice fly scored Matt Kemp, who singled and went all the way to third on Marcus Thames' slow grounder to third base.
Rod Barajas followed with a single and Aaron Miles reached on an infield hit to third baseman Pablo Sandoval, whose throw to first got past rookie Brandon Belt for an error, putting runners at second and third.
Hector Gimenez batted for Billingsley and followed with a dribbler to the left of the mound, and Sanchez misplayed it for an error, allowing Barajas to score the tying run. Guillermo Mota relieved Sanchez and gave up Furcal's RBI single that gave the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead.
Belt hit a three - run homer to center on a 2 - 0 pitch from Billingsley in the fourth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 edge. The 22-year-old first baseman got his first major league hit Thursday.
Billingsley, however, rebounded quickly.
The Dodgers' first run came on Kemp's ground-rule double to left-center with two outs in the third.