KANSAS CITY, Mo.--The Chicago White Sox seem to be getting better swings at Zack Greinke every time they see him. Before a packed house Friday night, they finally beat him.
John Danks threw 7 1/3 innings and got a big lift from reliever Scott Linebrink, while A. J. Pierzynski and Scott Podsednik had three hits apiece to lead the White Sox over the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0, their seventh straight victory.
Greinke (10 - 4) saw his major league-best ERA go from 1.95 to 2.00 after giving up four runs--two earned--and nine hits in six innings. He walked one and struck out six but the nine hits tied for the most he's allowed all season and made him 2 - 1 in three decisions against Chicago.
The key to solving Greinke may be holding back on inviting pitches that only flirt with the strike zone.
On opening day, Greinke held the White Sox to three hits in six shutout innings. The next time, he shut them out on six hits. On May 31, he got a no-decision after giving up four runs in seven innings.
This time, he got the loss.
Podsednik is hitting.533 for his career against Greinke and Pierzynski is hitting.432.
Chicago has won five straight over the Royals, who have lost seven of nine and scored just three runs in their last four games. The victory put the White Sox (42 - 38) a season-best four games over.500 and was their 15th win in 19 road games.
Danks (7 - 6) gave up five hits while striking out seven and not allowing a walk. He left with one out in the seventh after the Royals loaded the bases on two singles and shortstop Jayson Nix's error. Linebrink came in and got a double play grounder from Alberto Callaspo, whose error at second base led to two unearned runs in the third. Linebrink got his second save.
Callaspo, for the second time in three days, let a two - out routine grounder scoot under his glove that resulted in unearned runs. Jim Thome hit what should have been an easy out right at the second baseman, who has 10 errors, but the ball rolled into center field as Podsednik scored from second. Paul Konerko followed with an RBI double that put the White Sox up 3 - 0.
When Callaspo made a play on Chris Getz's hot grounder the next inning, the sellout crowd gave him a loud, derisive cheer.
The Royals have scored the fewest runs in the league.