The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 131 - 123, at Smoothie King Center on Saturday evening in Game 4 of their Western Conference first - round playoff series. The Pelicans have won the series, 40. The Pelicans (40) figured they'd be in for a wire - to - wire battle against a desperate Trail Blazers (0 - 4) team trying to stave off elimination, and that's precisely what played out in a matchup between the two offensively potent units. After New Orleans forged a slim 58 - 56 advantage at halftime, they managed to gain some separation in the third quarter by racking up an impressive 42 points. However, Portland unsurprisingly clawed back, getting as close as 121 - 119 with 3:8 remaining after a pair of Evan Turner free throws. As he did all series, Jrue Holiday would then break the Blazers' collective heart with a 25 - foot three - point jumper to extend the lead back to five, and the home squad would successfully hold off their visitors the rest of the way. As the robust final score implied, both teams shot especially well, with the Trail Blazers posting a 53 percent success rate from the field and the Pelicans countering by draining 57 percent of their attempts. C.J. McCollum led the way for the Blazers with 38 points, and he added three assists and two rebounds. Al-Farouq Aminu capped off a strong offensive series with 27 points, six boards, one assist and two steals. Damian Lillard provided 19 points, six assists, five rebounds and two steals. Jusuf Nurkic posted an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists, three steals and two blocks. Turner toughed out his toe injury to post 15 points, five assists and one rebound. Anthony Davis paced the Pelicans with a postseason franchise - record 47 points, a total he supplemented with 11 rebounds, one assist and three blocks. Holiday delivered 41 points, eight assists and three rebounds. E'Twaun Moore managed 14 points, three rebounds, one assist and three steals. Nikola Mirotic generated a 10 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist, three blocks and two steals. Rajon Rondo mustered a modest seven points but also dished out 16 assists and hauled in seven rebounds. The Pelicans now await the winner of the Warriors-Spurs first - round series. Golden State owns a 30 advantage, with Game 4 set for Sunday afternoon.