ST. LOUIS--It takes more than a sore wrist and back to stop Yadier Molina.
The Cardinals catcher said he hurt himself when he swung at Joakim Soria's changeup in the ninth inning.
After a short break to check out it out, Molina shrugged off the pain to drive in the game-winning run, lifting St. Louis to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night.
"I got a changeup. I was just trying to make contact and hit a line drive somewhere."
Soria (0 - 1) said the delay after the first pitch to Molina didn't bother him.
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny praised Molina.
Matt Carpenter hit his 100th career home run and first since April 10 to start the ninth-inning rally.
Carpenter, who is hitting.170, said he hopes the homer can get him going.
St. Louis snapped a three - game losing streak.
With one out, Marcell Ozuna doubled off the right-field wall. Molina then smashed a single to left field to score Ozuna.
In the game, Molina tied Hall of Famer Johnny Bench at 1,742 games for 16th in career games caught.
Bud Norris (1 - 0) picked up his first win of the season with a perfect ninth.
The White Sox wasted a good start by James Shields, who pitched six strong innings after giving up a leadoff home run.
Tommy Pham hit a 3 - 2 fastball off him for a 454-foot home run into the left-field seats. It was his first leadoff homer in his career and the second this season for St. Louis.
Shields retired the next 15 batters before giving up a single to Kolten Wong in the sixth. He allowed just two hits. Shields, who has not won since opening day, struck out four and did not walk a batter.
The White Sox scored twice in the fourth to take the lead. Trayce Thompson and Adam Engel drew one - out walks. After Shields struck out, Yoan Moncada doubled home both runners. His sinking fly ball got past Ozuna, who was trying for shoestring catch.
Michael Wacha pitched five innings in his second career appearance against the White Sox. He walked three and allowed hits.
The Cardinals ran themselves out of a scoring chance in the seventh.
Against reliever Bruce Rondon, St. Louis had a runner at third with one out. Ozuna hit a hard to grounder to Jose Abreu, who threw home to nail Carpenter trying to score.