NEW YORK--After a calamitous couple of days for the
Yankees pitching staff, Hiroki Kuroda provided some needed calm.
All he had to do was be himself.
His start Saturday was as good as any he's had since an
unimpressive first two months. The right-hander struck out 11 in
seven innings to help New York end Chicago's winning streak at four
games by beating the White Sox 4 - 0.
The strikeouts tied a career high for Kuroda, and his teammates
backed him with three home runs. A day after outfielder Dewayne
Wise was perfect in his pro pitching debut during a mop-up role, he
was perfect at the plate. He had three hits and homered, with
Curtis Granderson and Robinson Cano also connecting.
New York's pitching situation has been fraught since Wednesday,
when the Yankees placed CC Sabathia on the disabled list with a
strained groin, and lost Andy Pettitte for two months when he was
hit in the lower left fibula by a batted ball, breaking the bone at
the ankle.
"These are great pitchers that we're missing, and I thought we
could have a really negative effect, but the only thing I can do on
the mound is to pitch my game," Kuroda said through a translator.
Kuroda (8 - 7) pitched three - hit ball for seven innings and walked
one in the matchup of AL division leaders.
"Sinker, slider, splitter for the most part," Yankees manager
Joe Girardi said. "He just really locked in to the strike zone and
started locating."
Jake Peavy (6 - 5) struck out 11 without a walk in his fourth
complete game this year.
The Yankees had another homer happy day in the heat, but far
more gratifying to them must have been Kuroda's performance.
Since they lost their ace and their key veteran left-hander,
Ivan Nova gave the Yankees a good start in a game the bullpen lost
Thursday and rookie Adam Warren couldn't get out of the third
inning on Friday night in a game that the bullpen made even worse.
Wise had to finish off the 14 - 7 loss by getting the last two outs.
Kuroda began the game by allowing a single to Alejandro De Aza,
who was thrown out trying to steal second. Then he allowed a
two - out walk and single. After that, he retired 15 straight batters
after Paul Konerko's two - out single in the first inning, ending his
streak by hitting Kevin Youkilis with a pitch when there were two
outs in the sixth. The plunking came after Derek Jeter had been hit
by a pitch in the bottom of the fifth following Wise's homer.
"Now I try to be as aggressive as possible."
He was talking about Saturday, but he could have been talking
about his acclimation to the American League. In his last seven
starts he's 5 - 1 with 46 strikeouts against 11 walks in his last
seven starts and a 1.65 ERA.
ball."
David Robertson pitched the eighth and left-hander Boone Logan
and closer Rafael Soriano protected the four - run lead in the ninth
to finish the three - hitter.
Chicago has still won six of eight during a run that helped it
overtake Cleveland for the AL Central lead. The White Sox fell to
23 - 15 on the road, which still has them only a half-game behind the
Yankees for best in the AL.
Peavy was taken deep to right three times, all by left-handed
hitters.
"On the plate, just don't let them pull the ball in this
air that way. The ball gets in the air...you've got no chance.
"Obviously that happened three times."
Granderson hit one out in the first, Wise's homer came in the
fifth and Cano led off the sixth with a towering first-pitch drive.
The Yankees began the day with what was already a major league-best
119 home runs.
Wise also hit an RBI double in the second and tied a career high
with three hits.
"He's swinging the bat real well and we like the way he's
for us, so he's kind of doing everything for us."