DENVER--The Arizona Diamondbacks bounced back from a disappointment in the series openr with an impressive sweep of the Colorado Rockies.
A. J. Pollock hit a tiebreaking two - run homer, Paul Goldschmidt also homered and the Diamondbacks beat Colorado 5 - 3 in the second game to take two from the Rockies on Tuesday night.
Phil Gosselin homered and drove in four runs to lead Arizona to a 6 - 4 win in the first game. It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks swept a doubleheader from Colorado.
They also did it on May 6 in Arizona.
Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado homered in both games to take the NL lead with 32. He had three RBI on the day and now leads the league with 98--one more than Goldschmidt. He had five hits in the two games.
Arizona lost Monday's series opener when Colorado rallied for four in the ninth..
On Tuesday, it was the Diamondbacks' turn to come back.
Trailing 3 - 1, Arizona rallied against reliever Scott Oberg (3 - 4) in the second game. Oberg hit Gosselin, walked Chris Owings and gave up a tying two - run double to Aaron Hill.
Pollock followed with a two - run homer--his 15th--off Jario Diaz.
Rubby De La Rosa (12 - 6) allowed three runs on six hits in six innings. Josh Collmenter worked the last two innings for his first save.
Goldschmidt hit his 27th home run in the first inning but the Rockies rallied for two in the bottom of the inning to take the lead.
Arenado hit a solo home run in the third to make it 3 - 1 but De La Rosa allowed just one base runner in his last three innings.
"His ball was up, and when you pitch up at Coors Field you're looking for trouble," Arizona manager Chip Hale. "He started getting it down and then he used that upper part of the zone to get strikeouts."
Arizona led most of the first game. Gosselin, acquired in a June 20 trade with Atlanta, doubled home a run in the third, and then broke it open with a three - run shot off Miguel Castro (0 - 1) in the seventh. Gosselin went 0 for 4 in his first game with the Diamondbacks on Monday after being activated from the 60-day disabled list.
His three - run shot to left went an estimated 434 feet and gave Arizona a 6 - 2 lead. It was the second home run of his career.
Patrick Corbin (4 - 3) allowed two runs--homers by DJ LeMahieu in the second and Kyle Parker in the fifth--and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings. The left-hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Rockies.
Daniel Hudson pitched the ninth for his third save.
Colorado left-hander Yohan Flande struck out five while pitching five innings of two - run ball. He gave up five hits and walked three.
The 20-year-old Castro was charged with four runs in 1 1/3 innings in his Colorado debut. He was acquired in the July 27 trade that sent Troy Tulowitzki to Toronto.
Jarrod Saltalamacchia gave Arizona a 1 - 0 lead after a little confusion on his drive down the left-field line in the second inning. It was initially ruled foul but after a review of 1 minute, 37 seconds, the call was overturned.
Hale was ejected by home plate umpire Tim Timmons before the review. Hale said something was said from the bench and Timmons tossed him.