LOS ANGELES--Andre Ethier wasn't hitting the ball, going 0 for 3 at the plate. He sure played game-saving defense, though.
Matt Kemp homered for the fourth consecutive game and Ethier drew a bases-loaded walk that forced in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning, sending the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night.
Ethier prevented Arizona from scoring the tying and go-ahead runs with an outstanding catch of pinch-hitter Brandon Allen's drive in the eighth. Ethier jumped and snagged the ball at the top of the right-field wall before falling down and rolling over, the ball still snug in his glove.
Ethier got up and found Kemp in his face "trying to get me and rough me up a little bit."
Kemp admitted he was more pumped up than Ethier.
Allen didn't see the catch until watching the replay.
Clay Zavada issued the key walk to Ethier, who tops the NL West leaders with a career-best 88 RBIs.
Ronald Belisario (3 - 0) earned the victory, allowing one hit in 1 1/3 innings. Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 35 chances, ending Arizona's five - game winning streak.
Leo Rosales (1 - 1) took the loss, giving up one run and two hits in one - third of an inning. He also walked two.
Kemp went 2 for 3 with a walk and scored two runs for the Dodgers, who lost the series opener 5 - 3 in 10 innings Monday.
The Diamondbacks tied it at 3 with pinch-hit RBI singles by Rusty Ryal and John Hester in the sixth.
The Dodgers scored a run in the third on a throwing error by right fielder Justin Upton. Kemp led off with a single and stole second before Ethier flied out to right. Upton's throw to the infield glanced off Kemp between second and third as he was trying to get back to the bag and then bounced into foul territory behind third, allowing Kemp to score for a 3 - 1 lead.
Dodgers starter Vicente Padilla got his first RBI since 2005, giving the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead in the second. The bloop single to short right field dropped behind the head of first baseman Chad Tracy. Second baseman Ryan Roberts grabbed it and fired to the plate. Russell Martin came diving in headfirst and rolled over as he narrowly avoided the tag of catcher Miguel Montero.
The Dodgers tied the score at 1 in the first on Kemp's 23rd homer. Arizona went ahead in the top half on Gerardo Parra's RBI single off Padilla's leg.