SAN FRANCISCO--Carlos Gonzalez could have let the ball drop and watched Hunter Pence end the game with a hit. Instead, with the Rockies playing five infielders, Gonzalez ran down a difficult fly ball in center field and Pence had a sacrifice fly.
Colorado is in contention, and Gonzalez is committed to going hard and hustling until the final out to prove these Rockies should be a playoff team.
Charlie Blackmon had a two - run double in the second inning for his first career 200-hit season, but Colorado couldn't hold its early lead and lost 4 - 3 to the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
The Rockies' lead over the Brewers for the second NL wild card dropped to one game after Milwaukee won at Pittsburgh.
Pence hit a game-ending sacrifice fly with Colorado playing a five - man infield, and Gonzalez made an outstanding diving catch.
Pence followed up his two - run homer in the fifth as San Francisco grabbed the opener of a short two - game series between NL West opponents.
Pablo Sandoval singled leading off the ninth against Chris Rusin (5 - 1), and Orlando Calixte entered to pinch run. Ryder Jones followed with a bunt single and Kelby Tomlinson singled to load the bases for Pence.
Gerardo Parra hit a tying double in the eighth for Colorado, which missed a chance in the ninth.
Pinch-hitter Mark Reynolds hit a two - out infield single off Sam Dyson (3 - 2), then pinch-runner Mike Tauchman stole second. Blackmon was intentionally walked and DJ LeMahieu grounded out.
Buster Posey hit a one - out double in the eighth off Pat Neshek before second baseman LeMahieu made a beautiful, diving stop of Brandon Crawford's hard grounder and a tough throw to first for the out. Jarrett Parker flied out.
Blackmon became the eighth Rockies player with a 200-hit season, which has been done nine times overall by the franchise--twice by Todd Helton.
Giants starter Johnny Cueto struck out six and walked four over 6 2/3 innings, allowing two runs and seven hits.
Colorado put the tying run on third in the eighth after Gonzalez's one - out double, then Hunter Strickland gave up Parra's double on the ninth pitch of the at-bat.
German Marquez's winless stretch reached six starts for the Rockies--he's 0 - 3 during that span--since he beat Milwaukee on Aug. 18.