HOUSTON--Consistency finally paid off for Steven Wright with his first win of the season.
Wright pitched into the seventh inning, and Mookie Betts finished a home run shy of the cycle as the Boston Red Sox beat the Houston Astros 6 - 2 on Friday night.
Wright (1 - 2) had his third straight good start to begin the season, allowing one run--none earned--and four hits with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings. He did walk five, with Carlos Gomez scoring on a passed ball in the seventh.
The knuckleballer has gone at least six innings in each of his starts and has allowed two runs or less in each of his starts this season.
Craig Kimbrel got Carlos Correa to end the game for his fifth save.
Betts tripled in the first and ninth innings, scoring both times. He had an RBI double in the second and singled and scored in the fourth. He flied out in the sixth.
Dustin Pedroia, who had two hits, drove in Betts in the first and came around to score on Hanley Ramirez's sacrifice fly. Xander Bogaerts also had two hits, including an RBI double in the fourth.
Brock Holt had an RBI single in the third to up Boston's lead to 4 - 0.
Bogaerts was hit by a pitch on what looked like his right forearm in ninth inning by Luke Gregerson. Bogaerts was on the ground for a minute and was attended to by the trainer before leaving under his own power.
Farrell said the shortstop was having precautionary X-rays taken, but he was able to move his wrist when he came off the field.
Collin McHugh (1 - 3) struggled for the second time in four starts and was tagged for four runs or more for the third time this season. McHugh allowed five runs and 10 hits with three strikeouts in four innings.
Other than McHugh's second start of the season when he threw seven scoreless innings, the right-hander has given up 15 runs in 9 2/3 innings over the other three outings.
George Springer had an RBI single in the ninth for Houston, which lost its fourth straight and fifth in six games. At 5 - 12, Houston is tied with Minnesota for the worst record in the AL.