MIAMI (AP)--If the Los Angeles Dodgers keep sweeping series, they might find themselves atop the tough NL West in another week or two.
Matt Kemp drove in the tiebreaking run with a ninth-inning single Thursday, and the Dodgers completed their second consecutive series sweep by beating the Florida Marlins 5 - 3.
The Dodgers have won six games in a row, their longest winning streak since taking seven straight to close the 2006 season. They're still five games behind the Arizona Diamondbacks, whose 20 - 8 record is the best in baseball.
The Dodgers, who open a weekend series Friday in snowy Colorado, are averaging nearly eight runs per game during their winning streak.
The Marlins have lost three in a row for the first time this year. They fell out of the lead in the NL East, percentage points behind the New York Mets.
With the score 3-all, Rafael Furcal walked to lead off the ninth against Kevin Gregg (3 - 2), then advanced on Pierre's sacrifice. Kemp followed by punching a 93-mph fastball from Gregg to the opposite field for a run-scoring single.
Torre liked the way the Dodgers scratched out the tiebreaking run.
Kemp then stole second, and after a walk, he scored when the Marlins made two throwing errors on a grounder to the pitcher. Gregg threw high to second trying for a forceout, and second baseman Robert Andino made a wild relay throw to first.
Joe Beimel (3 - 0) threw one pitch, retiring Jeremy Hermida on a popup to end the eighth. Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances for the Dodgers, who have won eight of their past 10 games in Miami.
Pierre went 2 - for - 3 with a two - run double. He also was hit by a pitch, stole a base and scored a run.
Cody Ross hit his first home run for the Marlins.
The Dodgers' Hiroki Kuroda and Florida rookie Burke Badenhop left with the score 3-all. Kuroda remained winless since April 4, but he allowed only five hits and no walks in seven innings.
The crowd of 15,556 included many kids groups, creating a festive atmosphere on a balmy, 80-degree afternoon.
Matt Treanor became Florida's first baserunner when his wind-blown fly in the third dropped for a single. He scored on a two - out double by Hanley Ramirez.
The Dodgers tied it in the fourth. Pierre was hit by a pitch, stole second and came home on Andre Ethier's two - out single.
Pierre--still adjusting to his new role as a part-time player--hit a two - run double in the fifth to put the Dodgers ahead 3 - 1.