DENVER--Kelly Johnson converted an educated guess into the decisive blow in another wild game at Coors Field.
Johnson homered off Colorado Rockies closer Franklin Morales to lead off the 10th inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks, after blowing a six - run lead and then falling behind by five, rallied past the Rockies 12 - 11 on Wednesday.
And then it was gone.
Johnson's drive cleared the center field wall for his eighth homer of the season, capping a seesaw game that saw abbreviated outings by both starters, a dozen extra-base hits, the ejection of Arizona manager A. J. Hinch and Diamondbacks pitcher Dan Haren's pinch-hit single in the 10th.
A day after the Rockies romped 12 - 1, Arizona bounced back.
Bob Howry (1 - 0) pitched two scoreless innings and, with Arizona closer Chad Qualls unavailable, Juan Gutierrez got three outs for his first save in two chances.
Chris Young's three - run homer highlighted a big first inning that put Arizona ahead 6 - 0. Young matched a career high with five RBIs.
Down 11 - 6, the Diamondbacks came back. They scored twice in the eighth off reliever Rafael Betancourt to make it 11-all, getting an RBI groundout from Johnson and a run-scoring single by Tony Abreu.
Arizona loaded the bases in the ninth against Morales but failed to score. Mark Reynolds tried to come home on John Hester's grounder and was forced out at the plate. Hinch argued to no avail that third baseman Ian Stewart's throw pulled catcher Miguel Olivo's foot off the plate and was tossed by umpire Marvin Hudson.
"I don't think he cared for my hand gesture," shrugged Hinch, who held his hands about a foot apart to show how far off the ground Olivo had gone reaching for the throw.
In the shortest outing of his career, Colorado starter Greg Smith was chased after the first inning.
But the Diamondbacks couldn't hold the lead. Carlos Gonzalez led off the second with his third home run of the season and the Rockies moved in front in the third. Arizona starter Kris Benson faced three batters in the inning, allowing successive singles to Eric Young and Dexter Fowler and walking Todd Helton before leaving because of pain in his right shoulder.
Hinch said Benson is likely headed for the disabled list.
Tulowitzki greeted reliever Leo Rosales with his double and Gonzalez was awarded a sacrifice fly on a popup just beyond first as Helton scored when Adam LaRoche couldn't get the throw to the plate in time after dropping the ball transferring it from his glove to his hand.
Olivo hit an RBI single and Melvin Mora singled ahead of a two - out, two - run double by reliever Matt Belisle. It was the first hit for Belisle since 2008, when he was with the Cincinnati Reds.
The Rockies made it 11 - 6 in the fourth on Fowler's first home run of the season, a two - run single by Mora and Eric Young's bases-loaded walk off Esmerling Vasquez.
Belisle tired near the end of his three - inning relief stint--his longest outing this season--giving up consecutive doubles to Abreu and Justin Upton and walking Reynolds on four pitches starting the fifth before giving way to Matt Daley.
Young delivered a two - run single, pulling the Diamondbacks within two runs. Fowler helped the Rockies escape without further damage when he made a diving catch of pinch-hitter Gerardo Parra's sinking line drive to center.