BALTIMORE--It sure didn't take long for Adam Lind to get back in the swing of things for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Playing in his second game since returning from lengthy stay on the disabled list, Lind went 4 for 4 with two homers and three RBIs to carry Toronto past the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 4 on Sunday.
Lind missed nearly a month with a sore back before being activated from the DL on Friday night. After going hitless on Saturday, he singled twice and hit solo homers in the fifth and seventh innings Sunday.
It was Lind's second multihomer game of the season and the sixth of his career. Eight of his nine home runs have come in his last 13 games.
Yunel Escobar also homered and Edwin Encarnacion had three hits for the Blue Jays, who took two of three from the last-place Orioles.
Baltimore has lost seven of nine since reaching the.500 mark on May 26. Mark Reynolds hit his second homer in two games and Robert Andino had two of the Orioles' six hits.
Jo-Jo Reyes (2 - 4) allowed three runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings to earn his second straight victory after going 28 consecutive starts without a win. The left-hander walked four and struck out three.
After going through a long stretch of futility, Reyes hopes to start a winning streak of similar duration.
Orioles starter Jeremy Guthrie (2 - 8) yielded six runs and nine hits in five innings. The right-hander gave up at least one hit in every inning, and the two homers he allowed were twice the total of his previous three starts.
Guthrie retired the first two batters before Jose Bautista walked, hustled to third on a single by Lind and scored on a single by Aaron Hill.
Baltimore used an RBI double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run-scoring groundout by Derrek Lee to take a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half.
In the third inning, Corey Patterson singled and Bautista walked before Lind tied it with an RBI single.
Escobar made it 5 - 2 in the fourth with his seventh home run, a drive to left with two on and two outs. He hit four homers last season.