ST. LOUIS--Kosuke Fukudome didn't want a birthday celebration from his teammates. He had no trouble giving them a present, though.
Fukudome hit a three - run homer and drove in a career-high five runs on his 32nd birthday, helping the Cubs end a four - game skid with a 10 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Sunday.
Fukudome went 3 - for - 4 to hike his average to.371 after hitting.257 last season. He hit his fourth homer in the eighth off lefty reliever Trever Miller to finish the scoring.
However, hitting the homer off a southpaw was something to relish, Fukudome said.
Rich Harden (2 - 1) struck out nine in six innings for Chicago, which ended a four - game skid.
Harden allowed four hits, including two solo homers.
St. Louis' nine - game home winning streak ended. The Cardinals have won 10 of their 13 home games this season and are 13 - 6 overall, good for first in the NL Central. St. Louis finished its six - game homestand with a 5 - 1 record.
Chicago had 14 hits after scoring just five runs in its previous four games. Aaron Miles went 3 - for - 5 and scored twice.
Derrek Lee hit an RBI double in Chicago's three - run first but left the game before the Cubs took the field in the bottom half because of neck spasms. Micah Hoffpauir replaced him at first base. Piniella said Lee likely would not go on the disabled list.
Hoffpauir led off the seventh with a home run to give the Cubs a 7 - 2 lead. The homer snapped a four - game team homerless drought.
Todd Wellemeyer (1 - 2) was tagged for six runs, five earned, and eight hits in five innings. He walked Hoffpauir with the bases loaded in the second to make it 4 - 0.
La Russa said he believes Wellemeyer will improve.
Yadier Molina and Rick Ankiel hit solo drives for St. Louis. Molina extended his hitting streak to 10 games with his second homer of the season.
Cardinals slugger Albert Pujols reached base four times before hitting into a game-ending double play. He walked three times and was hit on the hip by Harden in the fifth.