BOSTON--The Red Sox and Rays were making their ways out of Fenway Park when two explosions near the finish line of the Boston Marathon were heard at the stadium.
The Red Sox beat the Rays 3 - 2 on an RBI double by Mike Napoli in the ninth inning on Monday in Boston's traditional Patriots' Day morning game.
The game began at 11:05 a.m. and ended at about 10 minutes after 2 p.m. A little less than an hour after that, about a mile away, the explosions from Copley Square could be heard by those in and around Fenway--but not in the clubhouses where the teams were getting ready to leave.
The players seemed unaware of the explosions as they were interviewed by reporters. In the Red Sox room, they dressed in suits and ties for their trip to Cleveland, where they're scheduled to start a three - game series against the Indians on Tuesday night.
A team spokesman sent a text message saying the team had reached the airport. And Tampa Bay manager tweeted a few hours after the game: "Just landed safely in Baltimore. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims & the families affected by this afternoon's horrible event."
The game sent the Red Sox fans home happy--at least for a while.
With the scored tied at 2, Napoli drove a line-drive double off the left-field wall in the ninth inning that scored Dustin Pedroia from first with the winning run.
Jarrod Saltalamacchia, whose solo homer in the fifth had given Boston a 2 - 1 lead, had a good view from the on-deck circle.
Napoli, who signed as a free agent in the offseason, has been batting fourth while designated hitter David Ortiz recovers from Achilles tendon soreness. He is on a rehabilitation assignment at Triple-A Pawtucket and could return shortly.
Left fielder Matt Joyce had a tough time handling the bounce off the Green Monster.
The Rays had two hits before finally showing some offensive punch in the ninth when Desmond Jennings led off with a single, stole second and scored the tying run on a single by Ben Zobrist off Andrew Bailey (1 - 0).
Joel Peralta (0 - 1) retired Boston's first batter in the bottom of the ninth before walking Pedroia. Napoli then ended it.
The Red Sox had lost all three of their previous Patriots' Day games against Tampa Bay.
It was also Jackie Robinson Day around the majors.
All uniformed team personnel wore the number 42 on their uniforms in recognition of Robinson, marking the 66th anniversary of his breaking the Major League Baseball color barrier with the Brooklyn Dodgers.