BALTIMORE--The Baltimore Orioles couldn't even win a series from the Tampa Bay Rays last season.
Now that they've gotten that accomplishment out of the way, the Orioles want more.
Baltimore won its second straight over the defending AL champions Saturday night, using a grand slam by Melvin Mora and a fine pitching performance by Jeremy Guthrie to carve out a 6 - 0 victory. After ending a 12-game skid against Tampa Bay on Friday, the Orioles clinched their first series win over the Rays since Aug. 3 - 5, 2007.
Baltimore, which opened the season by taking two of three from the New York Yankees, is 4 - 1 for the first time since 2000.
Guthrie (2 - 0) allowed five hits and walked none in six shutout innings, and Mora's third career slam capped a five - run first against Tampa Bay rookie Jeff Niemann.
Nick Markakis had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles, who went 3 - 15 against the Rays last season.
Guthrie lowered his ERA to 2.25 and improved to 2 - 0 for the first time. His job was made easier by the five - run cushion he was given after retiring the side in order in the first inning.
Relievers Matt Albers, Jamie Walker and Chris Ray preserved Baltimore's first shutout of the season.
Evan Longoria went 2 - for - 4 for the Rays to up his batting average to.455. But his run of four straight games with at least one RBI ended, and Tampa Bay went 0 - for - 11 with runners in scoring position.
The first six Orioles reached base against Niemann, the only rookie on the Rays' roster. Brian Roberts led off with a double and Niemann (0 - 1) hit Adam Jones with a pitch before Markakis doubled in a run. After Aubrey Huff walked, Mora hit an 0 - 1 pitch over the center-field wall, his first grand slam since June 2005, at Detroit.
Ty Wigginton followed with a single before Niemann finally settled down.
Guthrie, in contrast, retired the first seven Rays before Gabe Gross singled and took third on a double by Jason Bartlett. Gross was thrown out at the plate on a grounder by Akinori Iwamura, and Carl Crawford popped out.
Longoria and Carlos Pena singled to open the fourth, but Guthrie made sure neither advanced.
Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the sixth. Niemann was pulled after giving up successive walks, and Roberts greeted Brian Shouse with an RBI single.
Niemann made his major league debut last year, going 2 - 2 in five games. Both wins came against the Orioles.