CHICAGO--The numbers are growing more ridiculous with each start, and the Chicago Cubs are running out of ways to describe the brilliance of Jake Arrieta.
The ace right-hander pitched seven dominant innings and homered in his major league-best 21st win, and Chicago stopped Pittsburgh's eight - game win streak with a 4 - 0 victory over the Pirates on Sunday night.
Arrieta (21 - 6) retired his first 18 batters before Gregory Polanco grounded a leadoff single into left field in the seventh. He struck out nine and walked none while improving to 15 - 1 with a dazzling 0.89 ERA in his last 19 starts.
Pittsburgh (95 - 61) and Chicago (90 - 65) each have clinched a playoff spot and lead the NL wild-card standings, so the Pirates could see Arrieta again in the first game of the postseason on Oct. 7. But they likely would have Gerrit Cole for that one--the All-Star pitched seven crisp innings in a 3 - 2 victory over the Cubs in the series opener on Friday.
Arrieta improved to 6 - 1 with a 1.68 ERA in nine career starts against the Pirates.
Of course, Pittsburgh still has a chance to catch St. Louis for the NL Central title. The Pirates trail the Cardinals by three games heading into a three - game set against the division leaders beginning Monday night in Pittsburgh.
A. J. Burnett (9 - 6) pitched six effective innings in the season finale against the Cubs, but Arrieta shut down the Pirates right from the start. Pedro Alvarez's leadoff fly ball to left in the sixth was Pittsburgh's first ball to leave the infield.
Kris Bryant had an RBI single in the first for Chicago, and Arrieta made it 2 - 0 with a one - out drive to right-center in the second. Arrieta's second homer of the season led to a curtain call for the crowd of 40,617 at Wrigley Field.
The Pirates threatened after Polanco's single in the seventh. Arrieta hit Andrew McCutchen with one out, putting runners on first and second, but Ramirez bounced into an inning-ending double play.
Starlin Castro hit a two - run double in the bottom half, and Travis Wood finished the one - hitter for his third save in three chances. Castro, Bryant and Montero had two hits apiece for the Cubs.