ARLINGTON, Texas--Like Rougned Odor before him, Nomar Mazara is having an impact for the Texas Rangers as the youngest player in the major leagues.
Mazara, a 21-year-old rookie slugger, hit the longest home run in the majors this season while Odor drove in three runs and scored three more in likely his last game before a suspension, a 15 - 9 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday.
Mazara led off the second with a drive into the second deck of the right-seat seats that would have traveled 491 feet had it landed unimpeded, according to Major League Baseball's Statcast program. ESPN Stats & Information measured the blast at 453 feet.
Odor, who at 20 was the MLB's youngest player when he made his debut two summers ago, is playing while awaiting the outcome of his appeal heard in New York on Tuesday for an eight - game suspension. The discipline was assessed for punching Toronto slugger Jose Bautista during a brawl May 15. A decision is expected before Friday night's game.
Along with his eighth homer, Mazara had a two - out, two - run single during a four - run sixth that made it 11 - 6.
While Mazara's homer is the longest in the majors this season, the Rangers wouldn't verify it as the longest hit in their 22-year-old ballpark; the Statcast system has been used only since last season.
Ballpark records list Josh Hamilton's 490-foot homer against Houston on June 27, 2010, as the longest, a measurement determined by a University of Texas-Arlington physics professor. That home run also was hit into the upper deck in right field, but higher up and three sections closer to center field.
The Rangers trailed 1 - 0 when Odor led off the first with a bunt single, stole second base and moved up on a throwing error before scoring the first of his three runs. He later drove in runs with a groundout, a fielder's choice and a sacrifice fly.
Los Angeles also led 4 - 1 after its second at-bat, but Hector Santiago (3 - 3) also quickly gave up that lead. It was 4 - 4 when Texas started the third with consecutive hits off the lefty before Ryan Rua greeted Mike Morin with a two - run single that put the Rangers ahead to stay.