KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Hitting with two outs with runners on base in a key situation doesn't bother Kendrys Morales. He just focuses on getting a good swing.
Morales had an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Sunday night.
Morales leads with the majors with 42 RBI and a.332 average with two outs.
Thought to be a strength, the Kansas City Royals' bullpen has shown some warts lately and might be a cause for concern going into October.
Ben Zobrist singled with one out in the 10th, the Royals' first hit since Eric Hosmer's RBI single in the first inning. After Hosmer walked, Morales singled against Trevor Gott (2 - 1) as Kansas City improved to 7 - 2 in extra-inning games.
Kelvin Herrera (4 - 2) pitched a perfect 10th to pick up the victory.
Zobrist reached base 13 times in the series with seven hits and six walks.
Kole Calhoun homered in the eighth off Wade Davis to put the Angels up 3 - 2.
Los Angeles closer Huston Street, however, couldn't hold the lead in the ninth. He walked the bases loaded before Alex Rios' sacrifice fly scored Hosmer to tie the score. Mike Trout then made a diving catch of Paulo Orlando's scorcher to right-center for the third out to preserve the tie.
The Angels have lost 17 of 23 and this defeat dropped them a half-game behind Baltimore for the second wild-card spot.
Hector Santiago gave up two runs and three hits to the first four batters he faced, but not allow a hit after that before departing after seven innings.
Calhoun also tripled in the sixth and scored on a wild pitch before David Murphy homered.
Royals right-hander Yordano Ventura, who was 3 - 0 in his four previous starts, was pulled after seven innings and 105 pitches, allowing two runs and five hits, while striking out seven and walking one.
Alcides Escobar singled, his 32nd hit to leadoff the game, and scored on Zobrist's double. Zobrist scored on Hosmer's single that extended his streak to 10 games with a RBI, the longest in the majors this season.
Royals catcher Salvador Perez was ejected in the seventh for the first time in his career for arguing a called third strike by home plate umpire Quinn Wolcott.