MINNEAPOLIS (AP)--Taylor Teagarden made his first major league hit count.
The rookie broke up Scott Baker's perfect-game bid with a sixth-inning home run and caught Vicente Padilla's gem Sunday as the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 1 - 0.
The Rangers denied the Twins their fourth series sweep over the past month, handing them just their eighth defeat in 31 games. Baker (6 - 3) took a hard-luck loss, his first in six starts.
Baker retired the first 17 Rangers who came to bat and by the time Teagarden stepped to the plate in the sixth, the crowd of 36,029 had begun to catch on. Baker received ovations before all three of his two - out, two - strike pitches to the rookie.
But with the count full, Teagarden, in just his second major league game, stroked a fastball that kept carrying and barely cleared the center-field wall and Carlos Gomez's glove.
Baker said after the game that he shouldn't have thrown a fastball.
But catcher Joe Mauer defended the pitch.
Baker took a perfect game into the ninth inning last August against Kansas City, but gave up a walk and a hit before finishing the shutout. He finished Sunday with eight strikeouts, one short of a career high. He completed a season-high eight innings, giving up two hits and a walk.
Padilla (11 - 5), activated from the disabled list before the game, gave up three hits in seven innings. He threw just 80 pitches and said he could've gone further but decided not to chance it.
Padilla had pitched well before landing on the DL with neck stiffness--he was 8 - 1 with a 3.23 ERA between April 27 and June 23--and appeared to be back in form. Rangers manager Ron Washington said he was impressed with Padilla's low pitch count and use of all his pitches, including three off-speed deliveries clocked on the stadium radar between 50 and 54 mph.
Padilla was the final member of the Rangers' original five - man rotation to spend time on the disabled list, and they lead the majors in runs allowed. But for Washington, Padilla's start was a good sign.
Wilson pitched the ninth for his 23rd save, and 15th straight. Mauer walked with two outs in the inning and advanced to third on a wild pitch that Teagarden had trouble finding, but Justin Morneau grounded out to end the game.
And while Teagarden might have overshadowed Padilla, it could be a while before he gets the chance to shine again.
The Rangers need to make some pitching staff moves--including activating Eric Hurley, who is expected to start Monday. Catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia is expected to return from illness soon, and Teagarden is a candidate to be sent back down.