PHILADELPHIA--The key to Maikel Franco's success is not trying to do too much.
Franco hit a go-ahead two - run home run in the seventh inning and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 4 on Thursday night.
Ryan Howard also homered for Philadelphia, which avoided a three - game series sweep.
Justin Turner and Yasmani Grandal went deep for the Dodgers, who began play 1 1/2 games in front of the San Francisco Giants in the NL West.
Michael Mariot (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless seventh inning in relief of Jerad Eickhoff to earn the victory.
Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the seventh with a single and Franco followed with his 22nd homer, to deep center off Grant Dayton (0 - 1) to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead.
Jeanmar Gomez pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 32nd save in 35 opportunities.
Eickhoff gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings with eight strikeouts and two walks. The right-hander snapped an eight - game streak in which Philadelphia starters pitched fewer than six innings--one game short of matching the club record.
The Dodgers jumped on Eickhoff quickly as the first three batters of the game scored to put Los Angeles ahead. Chase Utley and Corey Seager singled and Turner connected on his 23rd homer.
Utley's throwing error in the second led to an unearned run as Aaron Altherr's RBI single brought Philadelphia to 3 - 1.
Grandal's one - out solo homer, his 20th, off the scoreboard in right in the fourth inning made it 4 - 1.
Howard led off the bottom of the inning with his 19th homer of the season, a booming shot to center, to move into a tie with Carlton Fisk for 75th all-time with his 376th career home run.
Howard has 11 homers in his last 28 starts and is batting.357 since the All-Star break.
And Philadelphia closed to 4 - 3 on Featherston's double to left-center.
Featherston started at second base in place of Cesar Hernandez, who was a late scratch due to a sore foot.
Dodgers starter Ross Stripling gave up three runs--two earned--and six hits in five innings. Stripling, making his 11th start, struck out five and walked two.