CLEVELAND--Brandon Phillips found the perfect way to celebrate his 28th birthday: by beating the Cleveland Indians.
Phillips broke out of a 1 - for - 16 slump with three hits, three runs and three RBIs to lead the Cincinnati Reds to an 8 - 1 win over his former team Sunday.
Ramon Hernandez also had three hits and three RBIs as the Reds took two of three from their Ohio rivals to move back to.500 overall.
Micah Owings (5 - 8) gave up one run and five hits over six innings for only his second win in eight starts since May 21.
Phillips hit a two - run single in a four - run third off David Huff (3 - 3). He had an RBI single and scored on Jonny Gomes' homer in the fifth, then singled, stole second and scored on a base hit by Hernandez against Rafael Perez in the seventh.
He couldn't resist taking a few verbal jabs at his old team, too.
Phillips developed into an All-Star and Gold Glove second baseman after being traded to the Reds at the start of the 2006 season. He has consistently come back to hurt the Indians in interleague play, hitting.341 (30 - for - 88) with four homers, 18 RBIs and five stolen bases in 23 games against them.
Considered by the Indians the key to a deal that also netted future All-Star outfielder Grady Sizemore and Cy Young winner Cliff Lee in a June 2002 deal with Montreal for Bartolo Colon and Tim Drew, Phillips struggled in parts of four seasons in Cleveland.
The Indians fell further into last place in the AL Central with their 10th loss in 12 games, yet manager Eric Wedge remains hopeful that adding two relievers and getting injured players back can provide a needed boost.
Cleveland purchased Jose Veras from the New York Yankees on Wednesday and traded veteran infielder Mark DeRosa to St. Louis for right-hander Chris Perez and a player to be named Saturday.
The Indians went 0 - for - 4 with runners in scoring position in its first game since dealing DeRosa, who was second on the club in home runs (13) and RBIs (50).
Phillips gave the Reds a 2 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the third, then scored on Hernandez's two - run triple off the wall in left-center.
Cleveland left fielder Ryan Garko dropped a fly ball by Joey Votto in the fifth, leading to a three - run inning. Phillips followed with line single to center to make it 4 - 1 and scored on Gomes' fourth homer, an opposite-field shot to right.
Asdrubal Cabrera, activated from the disabled list Sunday after missing 22 games with a strained shoulder, singled and scored in the first to put Cleveland ahead, 1 - 0. Cabrera went to third on a single by Sizemore and scored on a sacrifice fly by Victor Martinez.
Cleveland had two runners on base against Owings in the third, fourth and sixth and could not deliver.
Huff gave up nine hits and six earned runs over five innings. The rookie left-hander had been 3 - 0 with a 3.20 ERA in his previous four starts.