The Golden State Warriors defended their home court, beating the Los Angeles Lakers, 113 - 106, at Oracle Arena on Friday. Golden State (26 - 6) is back to having the league's best record thanks to the win. The reigning champions are also now 30 against the Lakers this season. While the results have been lopsided, the games have been anything but. Both of the team's previous two matchups were narrowly won by Golden State in overtime. While Friday's contest ended in regulation, the game excited until the end. The Lakers launched a major fourth - quarter comeback to cut a double - digit lead down to just two points. In the end, though, the game finished in less - than - exciting fashion, as the star - powered Warriors pulled away in the final minutes. The Warriors saw a career night from their rookie center, Jordan Bell. Bell had 20 points and 10 rebounds, along with a block and a steal. The game proved to be a showcase of young talent, as Bell traded baskets and highlight - reel plays with the Lakers' own rookie phenoms. Still, it was established superstar Kevin Durant who decided the game, scoring a team - high 33 points, including four points in the final minute of regulation to help seal the win. Los Angeles (11 - 19) saw yet another heartbreaking loss at the hands of the defending champions. Still, the Lakers left Oracle Arena with plenty of positive takeaways on Friday, as a number of their young talents stood out on the big stage. Rookie point guard Lonzo Ball had one of his best shooting nights to date, scoring 24 points while going 5 - of - 6 from beyond the three - point line. Ball, along with rookie forward Kyle Kuzma, dominated on the offensive end throughout the night, helping push the Lakers to near - victory. Kuzma scored a team - high 27 points to go along with 14 rebounds. The performance comes just days after Kuzma recorded a career - high 38 points in Houston. Los Angeles will host the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday, while Golden State will host the Denver Nuggets.