BALTIMORE (AP)--On a night in which he struggled to get through five innings, Daisuke Matsuzaka got offensive support from an unlikely source: batterymate Jason Varitek.
Matsuzaka won his fourth straight start, the Boston Red Sox got homers from Varitek and Kevin Youkilis in a 7 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night.
Matsuzaka (15 - 2) gave up two runs, six hits and five walks. The right-hander failed to retire the side in order but stranded nine runners, including five in scoring position, before being lifted after 105 pitches.
It was Matsuzaka's 30th career win, most ever by a Japanese-born pitcher in his first two major league seasons. Hideo Nomo had 29 in 1995 - 96.
Especially on a night in which he allowed 12 of 26 batters to reach base.
Varitek's second homer in two games put Boston up 3 - 0 in the second inning. The drive enabled Boston's captain to become the first Red Sox catcher to hit at least 10 home runs in nine seasons, breaking a tie with Carlton Fisk.
Varitek added an RBI double in the fifth after Youkilis hit his 24th homer with a man on. It was only the third time this season he drove in three runs.
Varitek was batting.166 in his last 64 games, a skid that dropped his batting average from.295 to.216.
Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth to cap a three - hit, three - RBI night.
Daniel Cabrera (8 - 8) gave up both homers in another poor outing against the Red Sox. The right-hander, who allowed six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings, is 2 - 11 with a 7.13 ERA in 16 career starts against Boston.
It was a tough day for the Orioles, who placed closer George Sherrill on the disabled list with shoulder inflammation. With 31 saves and three wins, the All-Star left-hander has played a part in more than half of Baltimore's 60 victories this season.
Brian Roberts had three hits, but Baltimore stranded 11 and went 2 - for - 11 with runners in scoring position.
The Red Sox used an RBI single by David Ortiz and a sacrifice fly by Jason Bay to go up 2 - 0 in the first inning, and Varitek homered leading off the second.
Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third. After Matsuzaka retired the first two batters, Melvin Mora singled and Aubrey Huff walked before Ramon Hernandez and Luke Scott delivered run-scoring singles.
The Orioles loaded the bases in the fourth before Matsuzaka struck out Mora and retired Huff on a popup.
Opponents are 0 - for - 14 against Matsuzaka this season with the bases loaded.