NEW YORK--Watching from the visitor's dugout, Justin Turner saw his teammates spray Citi Field with a bunch of home runs and figured the Los Angeles Dodgers wouldn't need any from him.
His power proved to be the difference.
Turner hit the Dodgers' seventh home run of the game, a go-ahead drive in the 11th inning that led Los Angeles over the New York Mets 8 - 7 Sunday.
Cody Bellinger and Kike Hernandez each homered twice as the Dodgers beat the Mets for the 12th straight time dating to 2016. Max Muncy and Joc Pederson also connected for Los Angeles. Hernandez and Muncy led off the game with back-to-back shots.
The Dodgers' seven solo shots tied the record for most such homers by a team in a single game in the modern era (since 1900), according to ESPN's Stats & Information. The last team to do it before today was the White Sox on June 25, 2016 against the Blue Jays.
The Dodgers' team record for home runs in a game is eight, set in 2002 against Milwaukee.
The defending NL champs have gone 25 - 9 since falling behind 10 games under.500 on May 16, and have won three straight after losing the last two games of a three - game series last week at Wrigley Field against Chicago.
The Dodgers are now 2 1/2 games behind NL West-leading Arizona.
The Mets matched a team record for the most homers allowed in a game, and lost their sixth in a row overall.
Turner, a former Met, homered off Chris Flexen (0 - 1) with two outs to put the Dodgers up for good. Los Angeles had squandered a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth when Kevin Plawecki hit a tying, three - run shot.
Daniel Hudson (2 - 2) picked up the victory with two scoreless innings. He worked around a leadoff walk in the 10th and stranded a runner at second in the 11th.
The Mets lost for the 13th time in 14 games at Citi Field. They previously allowed seven home runs on April 30, 2017, at Washington.
The depleted Mets were forced to start longtime reliever Jerry Blevins in place of Jason Vargas, who was placed on the 10-day disabled list Saturday due to a strained right calf.
Making his first major league start in 533 appearances, Blevins gave up back-to-back homers by Hernandez and Muncy to begin the game. It was just the second time since 1900 that a pitcher had allowed two straight home runs to begin his first start in the majors, the Elias Sports Bureau said--Don Hendrickson did it in 1945 with the Boston Braves.