MIAMI--The Milwaukee Brewers spent much of the weekend pitching out of jams in Florida, and their reward was three consecutive one - run wins.
Tim Dillard and John Axford escaped late-inning threats Sunday, and Josh Wilson homered with two out in the 11th inning to help Milwaukee beat the Florida Marlins for the third day in a row, 6 - 5.
Dillard (1 - 0) wiggled out of a bases-loaded jam in the ninth and pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings. Axford worked the 11th, retiring Gaby Sanchez on a groundout with two on for his 16th save in 18 chances.
The Marlins left 11 runners on base and went 2 for 10 with runners in scoring position. They've stranded 31 runners and gone 5 for 32 (.156) with runners in scoring position in the first three games of the series.
The Brewers won despite blowing a 5 - 0 lead. Wilson's hit off Mike Dunn (4 - 3) was their first in 5 2/3 innings against Florida's bullpen.
The Brewers improved to 19 - 6 since May 9, best in the majors. They have the best home record in the majors, but they arrived in Miami only 9 - 19 on the road.
The Marlins have lost four games in a row, each by one run.
Florida has dropped seven of nine since sweeping the World Series champion Giants.
Marlins backup catcher Brett Hayes hit his first career grand slam to tie it at 5 in the sixth, but the Marlins missed a chance to win the game in the ninth.
With the game still tied, Dillard entered and pitched out of a one - out, bases-loaded jam. Sanchez bounced into a forceout at the plate, and Mike Stanton flied to left.
The Marlins also left the bases loaded in the first.
Milwaukee's Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer, his 11th of the season and No. 100 for his career.
Weeks also had an RBI single.
Chris Narveson took a shutout into the sixth for Milwaukee but got only one more out. He gave up an RBI double by Sanchez, then departed after walking Greg Dobbs to load the bases.
Marco Estrada struck out the next batter, but Hayes lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the seats for his second homer of the season.
The Brewers were unfazed.