ATLANTA (AP)--The Oakland Athletics finally got some much-needed offense.
Jack Cust hit a solo home run and Ryan Sweeney added a three - run shot, and the Oakland Athletics held on to beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Saturday night to end a season-worst four - game losing streak.
The A's had only three extra-base hits--all doubles--during their losing streak and had scored only four runs. They entered the game with 22 home runs, third fewest in the majors.
Oakland broke out unexpectedly with Sweeney hitting his first homer. It came off Tim Hudson, who had allowed only one all season prior to Saturday night.
Rich Harden (2 - 0) pitched seven strong innings in ending Atlanta's eight - game home winning streak. The right-hander allowed four hits, one earned run, walked one and struck out eight.
The Braves rallied from a 5 - 1 deficit with three runs in the ninth off Huston Street.
Jeff Francoeur had a run-scoring groundout, Kelly Johnson an RBI triple and Gregor Blanco a sacrifice fly before Street struck out Greg Norton to end the rally.
Cust hit his fifth homer in the opening inning and Sweeney hit his just inside the right field pole off Hudson (6 - 3). The right-hander had been 3 - 0 with a 1.88 ERA at home entering the game.
Harden, making only his fourth start of the season and second since spending five weeks on the DL with a strained right shoulder, threw 102 pitches, 72 strikes and was ahead in the count on most hitters with a fastball clocked between 93 and 96 mph.
He pitched in only seven games last season because of his shoulder problem and was 1 - 2 with a 2.45 ERA. He's been on the DL six times in the past four years, pitching in only 42 games with a 17 - 7 record.
A healthy Harden is usually difficult to hit.
Just the Braves.
Atlanta's only run off Harden came in the fifth, when he issued a two - out walk to Blanco. Pinch-hitter Ruben Gotay singled and Yunel Escobar ended an 0 - for - 12 slump with an RBI single.
The A's took a 4 - 0 lead in the second. Daric Barton led off with a walk and Kurt Suzuki reached first when Atlanta second baseman Johnson fielded his grounder and tried to tag Barton but missed. Sweeney followed with his home run.
Oakland added a run in the third when Barton walked with the bases loaded, the third consecutive walk after Bobby Crosby led off with a single.
Hudson went five innings. He gave up five hits, five earned runs, walked five and struck out three.