SAN FRANCISCO--Alen Hanson has experience as a pinch-hitter, and he's putting it to good use with his new team.
Hanson had a tying, two - run homer off Brad Boxberger with two outs in the ninth inning, Brandon Crawford singled home Andrew McCutchen in the 10th and the San Francisco Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Wednesday for their sixth win in seven games.
Arizona led 4 - 2 when Boxberger walked Mac Williamson with one out in the ninth. Nick Hundley struck out, Hanson batted for Austin Jackson and turned on a fastball over the middle of the plate, driving it over the right-field wall. Hanson has five home runs in 52 at-bats with the Giants this season.
Boxberger blew a save for the second time in 16 chances. Arizona had been 29 - 0 when leading after eight innings.
Hanson delivered in his fourth straight a pinch-hit at bat. He also has two doubles over that stretch.
The Giants are Hanson's third team. The 25-year-old switch-hitting utilityman signed a minor league contract with them late last year.
San Francisco took two of three from Arizona, ending a streak of five series losses to the Diamondbacks, and won for the seventh time in eight home games.
McCutchen doubled off Andrew Chafin (0 - 2) with two outs in the 10th, a catchable drive that Jarrod Dyson misjudged and allowed to drop behind him on the warning track in center field.
Crawford worked the count full and grounded a single between first and second, into right field, as McCutchen scored standing up.
Crawford turned on a slider Chafin left over the middle of the plate.
Hunter Strickland (3 - 2) got out of a two - on jam in the 10th, striking out Ketel Marte, then retiring Nick Ahmed on a popout with runners at the corners. Strickland walked two--one intentionally--and threw two wild pitches in his only inning.
Paul Goldschmidt had four hits, including three doubles, and two RBI. He has raised his average to.233 from.198 before play on May 23.
Arizona starter Clay Buchholz gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings with seven strikeouts and one walk. The 33-year-old right-hander has a 1.88 ERA since signing with the Diamondbacks on May 4, three days after the two - time All-Star was released by Kansas City.
Pablo Sandoval hit his fifth home run of the season in the first, a drive to right-center that would have traveled 447 feet unimpeded, according to Statcast. Sandoval and Buchholz were teammates on Boston.
Giants starter Chris Stratton gave up three runs and seven hits in four - plus innings, leaving with a 3 - 2 deficit.