TORONTO--Even after Kevin Pillar turned in his latest highlight-worthy grab in center field, Christian Vazquez and the Boston Red Sox managed to put a painful weekend behind them with another win north of the border.
Vazquez had four hits, including a two - run home run, Eduardo Nunez added a solo shot and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 5 on Monday night, snapping a four - game skid.
The Red Sox came into Toronto having lost their previous four by a combined score of 38 - 10.
Boston leads the second-place Yankees by 3 1/2 games after New York lost 6 - 2 against Cleveland. The Yankees and Red Sox begin a four - game series in New York on Thursday.
The Red Sox also overcame yet another crazy catch by Pillar, who dived to make a sensational play on the warning track and take a hit away from Mookie Betts in the sixth. The crowd of 35,630 gave Pillar a standing ovation.
Blue Jays right-hander Marcus Stroman, who applauded the catch from the mound, was especially appreciative.
Toronto lost for the eighth time in 10 games and dropped to 1 - 6 at home against the Red Sox. They've been outscored 47 - 22 in those games. The Blue Jays are 3 - 8 overall against the Red Sox.
Vazquez singled in the second and fifth innings, homered in the seventh and doubled in the eighth to help the AL East-leading Red Sox avoid their first five - game losing streak of the season.
Since July 29, Vazquez is batting.439 (25 for 57) with eight extra-base hits.
Drew Pomeranz (14 - 4) allowed three runs in six innings to win his eighth straight decision, extending his career-long stretch.
Pomeranz, who escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth, stranded eight Blue Jays baserunners.
Addison Reed and Brandon Workman each worked one inning of relief, and Craig Kimbrel pitched around Justin Smoak's two - out, two - run homer in the ninth to earn for his 30th save in 34 chances.
Pomeranz entered with an 11 1/3-inning scoreless streak but couldn't add to it against Toronto, surrendering a two - run double to Kendrys Morales in the first.
Batting seventh in the order for the first time this season, Red Sox designated hitter Hanley Ramirez doubled in the second on a ball that outfielder Steve Pearce appeared to lose in the lights. Ramirez later scored on a throwing error by catcher Raffy Lopez.
Ramirez singled off Danny Barnes (2 - 5) to begin the seventh and Vazquez followed by homering on an 0 - 2 pitch.
Boston tacked on two more in the inning. Mitch Moreland hit an RBI single off Aaron Loup, and Xander Bogaerts drew a bases-loaded walk against Ryan Tepera.
Ramirez came in 1 for 15 with eight strikeouts in his past four games but finished 2 for 4, his first multihit game since Aug. 22.