OAKLAND, Calif.--Joey Gallo didn't see much of a reason to celebrate becoming the 11th fastest player in major league history to 50 home runs.
A few of his Texas teammates thought differently and repeatedly pelted the first baseman with wadded balls of napkins as he spoke with reporters.
On a night when Cole Hamels was masterful for five innings, Gallo's milestone home run--coming in his 204th career game--sparked a scuffling offense and helped the Rangers stop a three - game losing streak
Hamels struck out 11 in five innings, and Texas beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 1 on Tuesday night.
Texas third baseman Andre Beltre singled in the second to tie Rod Carew for most hits by a Latin-born player. Rougned Odor singled twice and drove in two runs, and Nomar Mazara added two hits and scored twice.
The Rangers also ended a nine - game skid at the Coliseum.
Gallo connected on a 2 - 1 pitch from Kendall Graveman (0 - 1) in the second inning. Gallo, who also went deep on Sunday, moved past Frank Robinson, who reached 50 homers in 213 games.
Hamels (1 - 1) bounced back from a rough start on opening day, dominating an A's lineup that had scored three or more runs in four of the first five games. He allowed four hits and walked three.
The left-hander recorded his first eight outs by strikeout. He yielded Chad Pinder's homer in the third and twice pitched out of jams while relying primarily on his cutter and changeup. Eight of his strikeouts came via the two pitches.
Alex Claudio and Chris Martin combined for three scoreless innings and Keone Kela finished for his first save this season.
The game was played in a mostly empty stadium in front of an announced crowd of 9,157. That was slightly more than the 7,416 for Monday's game--the fewest to attend an A's game at the Coliseum since 2003.
Matt Olson and Matt Chapman had two hits apiece for the A's.
Beltre's hit was his 3,053rd in the majors. That matches Carew's mark for Latin players and 25th all-time, two shy of Rickey Henderson.
Graveman allowed four runs and eight hits. The A's opening-day starter has given up nine earned runs in 10 innings this season.