MIAMI--Marcell Ozuna has given the Miami Marlins big hits and some hope for the future.
The 22-year old rookie outfielder drove in two runs to help the Marlins to a 4 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night in interleague play.
Ozuna is hitting.438 (21 - for - 48) with runners in scoring position driving in 22 runs for the last-place Marlins.
Derek Dietrich also provided some offense with a home run for the Marlins, who have won four of five.
A. J. Ramos (2 - 2) pitched two scoreless innings in relief and Steve Cishek worked the ninth for his 13th save.
Minnesota dropped their third game in their last four.
Miami starter Jose Fernandez allowed one run and four hits in five innings. The 20-year old phenom struck out three and walked three while throwing 94 pitches, 59 for strikes.
Fernandez is 2 - 1 with a 1.67 ERA in five June starts.
Minnesota's Justin Morneau appeared to line into a double play to end the eighth, but first baseman Logan Morrison dropped the throw, allowing Joe Mauer to remain on base. Two batters later, Trevor Plouffe took advantage of Morrison's error with an RBI single, scoring Mauer to cut the deficit to 3 - 2.
Ozuna's RBI double in the bottom of the eighth after Morrison doubled pushed the lead to 4 - 2.
Cishek retired the Twins in order in the ninth.
Josh Willingham's RBI single in the third opened the scoring for Minnesota.
Kevin Correia (6 - 5) held the Marlins scoreless through five innings before running into trouble in the sixth. After Ed Lucas singled and Giancarlo Stanton walked, Morrison singled to load the bases.
Ozuna singled to center, scoring Lucas as center fielder Clete Thomas bobbled the ball, also allowing Stanton to score for a 2 - 1 lead.
Correia allowed two runs and five hits in six innings after beating the Marlins on April 23.
Brian Duensing relieved Correia and yielded a home run to Dietrich, his seventh, for a 3 - 1 advantage. It was a rare home run as Duensing had not surrendered one in his previous 48 appearances and Dietrich was hitless in 17 at-bats before the homer.