SAN FRANCISCO--Nate Schierholtz finished off his first career multihomer game with one memorable drive.
Schierholtz led off the bottom of the 14th inning with his first game-ending homer in the majors, sending the San Francisco Giants to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday night.
Schierholtz finished with three hits and three RBIs for the Giants, who beat the Padres for just the third time in 12 games at AT & T Park.
Javier Lopez (4 - 1) threw two scoreless innings while Neshek (1 - 1) picked up his first loss since Sept. 25 with Minnesota at Detroit.
Pablo Sandoval also had three RBIs, including the game-tying runs in the eighth inning, as the Giants rallied from a three - run deficit. Andres Torres had three hits.
Sandoval's two - run double came against Mike Adams, who had not allowed a run in 15 of his previous 16 appearances against the Giants.
Ryan Ludwick had two RBIs, and Chase Headley, Jesus Guzman and Rob Johnson each drove in a run for the Padres, who had won 10 of their last 13.
The Giants snapped a three - game losing streak.
Padres starter Dustin Moseley allowed four runs and five hits over 7 1/3 innings. He struck out a career-high nine and walked one.
Moseley was 1/3 over his previous eight games despite allowing no more than three runs in a game over that span. He has the lowest run support of any NL pitcher. Giants starter Madison Bumgarner has the second-lowest.
Bumgarner lasted six innings, allowing five runs and nine hits. He is 1 - 5 in nine starts at home.
Ludwick had a two - run double in the first, but Torres doubled leading off the bottom half and eventually scored on Sandoval's groundout.
The Padres added a run in the third on Headley's sacrifice fly and in the fourth on Guzman's double.
Schierholtz's fifth home run of the year, a two - run shot that glanced off the right-field foul pole, cut San Diego's lead to 4 - 3 in the fourth.
Orlando Hudson singled with two outs in the sixth, stole second and advanced to third on Chris Stewart's throwing error. He scored on Johnson's single to make it 5 - 3.
Torres sparked the tying rally with a one - out single off Moseley. Adams came in and allowed Brandon Crawford's single ahead of Sandoval's drive into right-center field.