DENVER--The Colorado Rockies are winning games by playing solid defense and getting strong pitching.
Jhoulys Chacin threw six solid innings, Brad Hawpe and Troy Tulowitzki homered, and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night.
Todd Helton had three hits for the Rockies, who have won three straight.
Conor Jackson doubled in a run and scored another for the Diamondbacks.
Rockies manager Jim Tracy praised his pitching staff and team defense as Colorado won its first of 12 straight games against National League West opponents.
The Rockies' defense, which turned five double plays against Kansas City on Sunday, was strong again behind Chacin. Ian Stewart made two good grabs, and Clint Barmes made a diving stop of Adam LaRoche's grounder in the ninth to help preserve the win.
Stewart said the pitchers' working quickly and efficiently helps.
The Rockies put Arizona on its heels when they broke through in the second and never trailed. Hawpe led off with his fourth home run of the season, Miguel Olivo followed with a walk and Stewart singled to left. After a one - out sacrifice by Chacin (3 - 2) moved the runners up, Olivo scored on a wild pitch to make it 2 - 0.
Ian Kennedy (3 - 3) escaped further trouble when he struck out Dexter Fowler with runners on the corners to end the inning.
Tulowitzki made it 3 - 0 with a one - out homer to left in the third inning, his fifth of the season.
Staked to a lead, Chacin settled down and took control. He needed 39 pitches to get through the first two innings but needed just 40 more to get through five. Starting with an inning-ending double play in the second, Chacin retired 11 of 12.
Kennedy settled down, too, facing the minimum in the fourth and fifth to keep the game close, and the Diamondbacks finally struck in the sixth.
Arizona did put one together in the sixth. Kelly Johnson led off with a single and came home on a double by Jackson. Two straight groundouts scored Jackson to make it 3 - 2.
Chacin allowed two runs on four hits, struck out five, walked two and picked up his first home win of his career.
Manuel Corpas struck out Mark Reynolds with a four - seam fastball with Stephen Drew on second to end the game and pick up his fourth save in five chances.
Kennedy gave up three runs on five hits, struck out two and walked four in five innings.