DETROIT (AP)--The Twins hoped they didn't have to use Matt Guerrier and his bullpen mates after a long outing the previous night. They hardly showed any sign of fatigue.
Guerrier, Jesse Crain and closer Joe Nathan retired the last seven Detroit batters Friday night to help Minnesota win its second straight against the Tigers, 3 - 2. The win came a day after the trio threw a combined 81 pitches in five frames of an 11-inning victory.
The win drew Minnesota within 1 1/2 games of the AL Central-leading White Sox, who lost Friday at Texas.
Crain came on with two on in the seventh in relief of Glen Perkins (6 - 2) and got Carlos Guillen to fly out to the deepest part of the park. Carlos Gomez made the catch at the warning track--about 415 feet from the plate--to end the threat.
Nathan, an All-Star, earned his 26th save in 28 chances with a perfect ninth.
As good as his relievers were, manager Ron Gardenhire was glad Perkins was able to last as long as he did.
Perkins won his second straight start--he's 2 - 0 against Detroit in three outings this season--after allowing six hits.
Nick Punto had RBIs in the fourth and sixth innings before Delmon Young added a sacrifice fly in the seventh.
Alexi Casilla had three hits for the Twins, who have won 18 of their last 23 games.
Guillen drove home the game's first run with a third-inning single but Minnesota answered an inning later when Punto hit an RBI double.
Punto made it 2 - 1 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth off rookie starter Armando Galarraga (7 - 3). Young's sacrifice fly came off Aquilino Lopez and made it 3 - 1.
The Tigers appeared poised to tie the game or take the lead after loading the bases with one out in the bottom of the seventh but only could manage Placido Polanco's sacrifice fly.
Detroit (46 - 46), which is 4 - 9 against Minnesota this season, got just three runners into scoring position before the seventh. The loss dropped the club back to the.500 mark.
"We didn't make any opportunities for ourselves. We just didn't do enough."
Galarraga gave up two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings. He hasn't won since June 18.