PITTSBURGH--Gerrit Cole is off to a perfect start in the major leagues. The rookie, however, feels he has been far from perfect.
Cole won again, getting home run help from Pedro Alvarez and pitching the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Los Angeles Dodgers 6 - 3 Sunday.
Cole (2 - 0) allowed three runs on seven hits and no walks in 5 2/3 innings. The top pick from the 2011 draft won in his big league debut last week.
Cole wasn't as sharp as he was in his debut against San Francisco when he took a shutout into the seventh inning. Pirates manager Clint Hurdle was pleased with this outing.
Alvarez snapped a 2-all tie when he connected off Zack Greinke (3 - 2) for a three - run homer in the fifth. Alvarez leads the Pirates with 15 homers.
Alvarez's father, also named Pedro, was in the stands for Father's Day. The elder Alvarez moved his family to New York from the Dominican Republic when his son was 1 year old, and dad made a living driving a livery cab.
Alvarez also hit a home run against the Mets in New York on Mother's Day.
The Pirates won for the sixth time in their last nine games. Alex Presley had three hits, including a home run, and Garrett Jones added a two - run single.
Dodgers rookie Yasiel Puig got three hits and raised his batting average to.479 in his first 48 at-bats in the majors.
Greinke (3 - 2) was touched for five runs and eight hits in five innings. He walked two and struck out three.
Greinke started for the first time since pitching--and getting hit by a pitch--in Tuesday's game against Arizona that wound up in a brawl. Eight people were suspended, and Greinke was among four others who were only fined.
Los Angeles lost for the sixth time in eight games.
There were two outs and no one on in the fifth with the score tied at 2 when Jones singled and Neil Walker walked. Alvarez, who was 1 for 14 in his career against Greinke, then hit a drive into the shrubbery in dead center field.
After Jones gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead in the first, the Dodgers tied it. Puig led off the second with a single, stole second and scored on Tim Federowicz's groundout. Andre Ethier hit an RBI single in the fourth.
Los Angeles closed to 5 - 3 in the sixth as Ethier singled home Adrian Gonzalez, who had doubled.
The Pirates got the run back in the bottom of the inning when Presley hit his second homer into the right-field stands off Matt Guerrier.
The Dodgers fell a season-worst 10 games under.500 at 29 - 39.