PITTSBURGH (AP)--Ian Snell is finally starting to pitch like an Opening Day starter for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Snell allowed one run while pitching into the seventh inning to earn his first win in 11 starts, helping the Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 3 - 1 Wednesday night.
Ryan Doumit homered for the third time in two games and also singled twice, and Freddy Sanchez had two hits and scored a run for the Pirates, who have won three of four. A day after blowing his first save of the season, Matt Capps earned his 16th save by getting Elijah Dukes to ground into a game-ending double play.
Snell (3 - 6) hadn't won since April 12 and had lost four straight outings. He allowed one run on six hits and three walks in six - plus innings this time, striking out six.
As big of a start as it was for Snell, it also was a significant outing for Capps, who's earned three saves pitching four consecutive days. It's only the second time in his career that Capps appeared in four straight games.
The Pirates' bullpen blew two late leads Tuesday night, and the team sustained its first loss all season when leading at any point after the sixth.
Washington has lost nine of its past 11--scoring a total of nine runs in those losses.
No Washington player reached third base until the sixth, when Jesus Flores doubled and advanced Dmitri Young to third, and it wasn't until the next inning that Washington got on the board with Dukes' two - out RBI single.
Doumit, who is 7 - for - 8 in the series, went 4 - for - 4 with two home runs and two doubles Tuesday night. He'd been just 1 - for - 12 the previous three games after returning from a stint on the disabled list.
His solo shot in the fifth, Doumit's eighth homer of the season, went to the deepest part of the ballpark in left-center.
Pittsburgh's Xavier Nady drove in Sanchez in the seventh to provide a two - run cushion.
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first but could have had much more. Washington starter John Lannan allowed hits to the first three batters, capped by Jason Bay's RBI double. But with runners still at second and third and no outs, Lannan escaped without any more damage.
Lannan (4 - 7) was charged with two runs and seven hits with three strikeouts and no walks in six innings, and the Nationals are winless in his past four starts.