ST. LOUIS--One pitch kept Adam Wainwright from his 19th win. It kept the St. Louis Cardinals' magic number at 10, too.
Dan Uggla golfed a two - run homer on an ankle-high curveball for the go-ahead hit in the sixth inning and rookie Sean West had a season-high nine strikeouts while outpitching Wainwright in the Florida Marlins' 2 - 1 victory on Tuesday.
Wainwright (18 - 8) allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out eight, not quite good enough to make him the major leagues' first 19-game winner. He had been 6 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in seven starts since Aug. 8.
Wainwright said catcher Yadier Molina would have had to block the pitch in the dirt if Uggla had not made contact. Uggla wasn't arguing the point.
The 23-year-old West (7 - 5) topped his previous strikeout best of seven in six strong innings. The 6-foot-8 left-hander escaped with minimal damage in the fifth when the Cardinals loaded the bases with one out and the middle of the order coming up. Albert Pujols settled for a sacrifice fly to give St. Louis the lead, but Matt Holliday struck out to end the inning.
"Holliday looked a little susceptible to sliders, that's what I fed him, and I got him twice."
Leo Nunez, the fourth Florida pitcher, worked the ninth for his 21st save in 27 chances.
The Marlins entered 5 1/2 games behind Colorado for the NL wild card. The NL Central-leading Cardinals have lost four of five.
St. Louis is 26 - 20 against left-handers, but 12 - 5 since acquiring Holliday on July 24. Ryan Ludwick thought hitters chased too many sliders out of the strike zone.
Pujols has five grand slams this season and is 9 for 14 with 30 RBIs with the bases loaded, and his 126 RBIs were tied for the NL lead.
The sellout crowd of 42,895 put the Cardinals over 3 million for the sixth straight season and 11th time in franchise history. They have had 29 sellouts this year.
Uggla hit his 29th homer and fourth in seven games. The two - run go-ahead shot to left with two outs in the sixth was the first homer allowed in five starts by Wainwright and only the fourth in 16 outings dating to June 26.
The homer lifted Uggla's career numbers against the 6 - 7 right-hander to 2 for 15 with two RBIs and seven strikeouts.
The Cardinals had two men on with two outs in the third before Holliday flied out. St. Louis fell to 33 - 8 since July 1 in starts by their big three of Wainwright, Chris Carpenter and Joel Pineiro.
Florida's Ross Gload beat out an infield hit for his 17th pinch hit in the seventh, moving ahead of Colorado's Seth Smith for the major league lead.