SAN DIEGO--The routine was so much different than before, although the result was familiar to San Diego Padres fans.
Trevor Hoffman came jogging in from the visitors' bullpen at Petco Park and got back on track by earning the save, and Milwaukee scored for the first time in three games to beat the Padres 2 - 1 on Saturday night. Yovani Gallardo homered and struck out 11 for the Brewers.
When Hoffman was with the Padres, his save situations were always a big deal. He'd jog in from the bullpen gate in center field, with AC/DC's "Hells Bells" screeching over the PA system. Hoffman had 552 saves in 16 seasons with San Diego.
On Saturday night, the scoreboard that used to proclaim "Trevor Time" instead implored the Padres with "Rally Time," while Muse's "Uprising" played.
The Padres never mounted a comeback, however, as Hoffman, who was greeted with a nice ovation, rang up No. 595. He struck out pinch-hitter Matt Stairs with a trademark changeup, got Jerry Hairston to fly out to center and Nick Hundley on a fly to right to end the game.
Hoffman had blown four of seven opportunities this year, including in consecutive games earlier in the week.
Hoffman blew saves against Pittsburgh on Tuesday and Wednesday, equaling his total of four blown saves last year.
Hoffman left the Padres as a free agent after the 2008 season. He had 37 saves with the Brewers last year, including one against San Diego at Milwaukee on Aug. 13. His first two saves came with Florida in 1993 before he was traded to the Padres.
San Diego's Adrian Gonzalez and manager Bud Black were ejected by plate umpire Rob Drake for arguing after the slugger took a called third strike for the first out of the eighth. The pitch from LaTroy Hawkins appeared to be inside. The Padres were unhappy all night with Drake's calls. San Diego took eight called third strikes and the Brewers four.
Rickie Weeks also homered for the Brewers, who snapped a four - game losing streak while ending San Diego's four - game winning streak. The Padres had won eight straight at home.
Gallardo's homer off Mat Latos ended a streak of 26 straight scoreless innings by San Diego pitchers and 24 straight scoreless innings by the Brewers.
Gallardo (3 - 2) struck out at least 10 for the second time in three starts and the fifth time in his career. He fanned 10 at Pittsburgh on April 21.
The right-hander held San Diego to one run and six hits in seven innings, with two walks.
The Padres stranded two runners each in the second, third and sixth.
Gallardo homered to left on the second pitch of the third inning, his first home run this season and the fifth of his career.
Gallardo gave that run back in the bottom half. Latos hit a leadoff single and Gonzalez had an RBI single.
Weeks put the Brewers ahead 2 - 1 when he homered to left-center on Latos' first pitch of the fifth. It was his fourth.
Latos (1 - 3) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings.