CHICAGO (AP)--Manager Jim Leyland was realistic before the game even started, describing Detroit's chances for making a late run in the AL Central.
On Thursday night the Tigers showed how they'll have to play to get back in the race. They got a homer and three RBIs from Miguel Cabrera and a nice defensive play from Ryan Raburn to beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 3 and end a six - game losing streak.
Zach Miner (6 - 4) allowed seven hits and two runs--one earned--in six innings. Fernando Rodney got the final four outs to get his second save in six chances and just the 23rd in 43 opportunities for Detroit's struggling bullpen.
Curtis Granderson also homered for Detroit. And Magglio Ordonez had a two - run triple and Matt Joyce a run-scoring double in the ninth to put it away. Detroit is 7 1/2 games behind the White Sox in the AL Central, and second-place Minnesota trails first-place Chicago by a half game.
Carlos Quentin's AL-leading 30th homer, off Bobby Seay in the eighth, pulled Chicago within 5 - 3.
But Chicago's rally fizzled when Jim Thome, who'd walked, was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Paul Konerko's double to left. Raburn, who initially had the ball bound away from him, threw to shortstop Ramon Santiago, who made a perfect peg to catcher Brandon Inge to easily get Thome for the second out.
After Seay hit Ken Griffey Jr. with a pitch, Rodney relieved. Raburn, who entered the game in the seventh as a defensive replacement, saved the Tigers with a nice diving catch on Alexei Ramirez's liner with runners at second and third.
Cabrera, who was 3 - for - 3 with two walks, lined a two - out, two - run homer--his 21st of the season--in the third to score Carlos Guillen, who'd doubled over Griffey's head in right.
Placido Polanco doubled past third in the fifth before Guillen hit a shot down the first base line for a triple that made it 3 - 0. Cabrera then delivered a two - out RBI single off Javier Vazquez (8 - 10) and it was 4 - 0.
Granderson led off the seventh with his 14th homer to put Detroit ahead 5 - 2.
Chicago's Nick Swisher and Juan Uribe opened the bottom half of the fifth with back-to-back ground-rule doubles to make it 4 - 1, but Miner retired the next three batters. Santiago's wild throw to first on Ramirez's infield single allowed Konerko to score Chicago's second run in the sixth.
The White Sox loaded the bases in the fourth when Quentin was hit by a pitch for the 15th time this season and Thome and Konerko singled. But Miner struck out Griffey and Ramirez.
Vazquez, who threw a season-high 122 pitches, gave up eight hits and five runs in seven innings. A 15-game winner a year ago, he is 1 - 5 in his last eight starts.