ANAHEIM, Calif.--Albert Pujols turned back the clock and pulled out the kind of majestic home run stroke that helped him hit 30 or more in each of his 12 previous seasons in the major leagues.
There was no doubt about this one, and it couldn't have come at a better time for the Los Angeles Angels.
Pujols hit a go-ahead homer in the eighth inning and drove in three runs, leading the Angels to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night.
His ninth of the season got not only Jered Weaver off the hook, but also third baseman Alberto Callaspo, whose third-inning fielding error led to a pair of unearned runs.
Cubs starter Scott Feldman took a 3 - 1 lead into the seventh before former Texas Rangers teammate Josh Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Howie Kendrick's third single of the game, which made him 8 - for - 18 against the right-hander.
James Russell came in and retired the next three batters, including Callaspo on a sacrifice bunt. But Erick Aybar greeted Carlos Villanueva (1 - 4) with a leadoff single through the box, and Pujols drove his first-pitch homer over the double-decker bullpen in left field after Mike Trout flied out.
Villanueva was understandably downcast in the clubhouse while talking about the 17th home run allowed by the Cubs' bullpen.
Pujols, who has hit 54 of his 484 career home runs against Cubs pitching, is batting just.244 with 35 RBIs in 57 games. After he struck out in the third inning, he was soundly booed by the crowd.
Robert Coello (2 - 1) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win, and Ernesto Frieri got three outs for his 13th save in 14 attempts.
Weaver struck out five and was charged with an earned run and six hits over six innings in his fourth start this season and second since coming off the disabled list. He is 0 - 2 with two no-decisions in four starts against Feldman, who spent his eight previous big league seasons with the AL West-rival Texas Rangers.
Feldman allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings. In his previous head-to-head duel with Weaver, on Sept. 19, 2009, Feldman beat him 3 - 2 at Texas for the 17th and final win of his best season in the majors.
The Angels, coming off an embarrassing four - game sweep by the visiting Houston Astros--the team with the worst record in the AL--won for the third time in nine games.
The Cubs snapped a 1-all tie in the third after Callaspo fumbled David DeJesus' leadoff grounder on the infield grass, his fifth error this season and fourth in three games. One out later, Weaver walked Anthony Rizzo and gave up an RBI single to Alfonso Soriano. Ryan Sweeney, who had three hits, delivered the second run of the inning with a two - out single--his first RBI in 26 career at-bats against Weaver to that point.
Chicago opened the scoring in the first on a broken-bat RBI single from Nate Schierholtz with two outs, after Weaver hit Luis Valbuena with a 1 - 2 pitch and gave up an opposite-field single to Rizzo. The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Pujols' sacrifice fly, after a leadoff double by Aybar and an infield hit by Trout.
This is the Cubs' second visit to Anaheim since interleague play began in 1997. They took two of three in 2004.