DENVER--Maybe early in the season, Colorado manager Jim Tracy pulls his starters and puts in a pitcher for mop-up duty. Not now, not with the Rockies trying to stay in the playoff race.
Down 10 - 1 in the third inning, the Rockies did everything they could to come back. And they did, matching the biggest rally in team history and stunning the Atlanta Braves 12 - 10 Wednesday on Troy Tulowitzki's go-ahead RBI single in the eighth.
The Rockies gradually cut into the deficit against the NL East leaders before taking the lead with four runs in the eighth. Carlos Gonzalez hit a tying, two - run single with two outs, and Tulowitzki and Todd Helton followed with RBI singles.
The Rockies finished off a three - game sweep and won their fourth straight overall. The streak came after a skid that saw Colorado lose seven of 10 and drop behind in the wild-card race.
Atlanta despite getting 10 extra-base hits, three more than Colorado.
Colorado also rallied from nine runs down to beat Florida 18 - 17 on July 4, 2008.
The major league record for the biggest comeback is 12 runs--it's happened three times, most recently by Cleveland against Seattle in 2001. The NL record of 11 runs has been done three times, with Houston doing it to St. Louis in 1994.
With one out in the eighth and the Rockies trailing 10 - 8, reliever Jonny Venters (4 - 2) walked Chris Iannetta and Melvin Mora singled. One out later, Dexter Fowler walked and Gonzalez singled. Kyle Farnsworth relieved, and Tulowitzki and Helton delivered their hits.
Matt Belisle (6 - 4) picked up the win, pitching 1 1/3 innings in relief.
Brian McCann matched his career best with four hits, including an RBI single in the Braves' four - run second. Martin Prado doubled and drove in three runs and Jason Heyward tripled, doubled and scored twice.
The Braves were shut out over the final six innings.
Atlanta chased Colorado starter Esmil Rogers with two outs in the second inning, tagging him for seven runs and eight hits.
Manuel Corpas relieved Rogers but was lifted in the fourth inning after he felt pain in his pitching elbow. Corpas gave up a leadoff double to McCann and then stepped off the rubber and motioned toward the Rockies dugout, seeking the team trainer's assistance.
After a brief examination and consultation on the mound, Corpas walked off the field holding his right elbow. He went 1 1/3 innings and allowed three runs on four hits, including Omar Infante's third-inning homer.
Tracy said Corpas was scheduled for an MRI scan on Thursday.
Colorado pulled within 10 - 8 with successive three - run innings in the fifth and sixth. Fowler hit a two - run triple in the fifth and scored when shortstop Alex Gonzalez threw wildly on the relay.
Seth Smith, who had a solo homer in the second, hit an RBI double in the sixth that chased Atlanta starter Jair Jurrjens. Peter Moylan relieved and walked Iannetta before giving up a pinch-hit, two - run double to Ryan Spilborghs.
Heyward tripled with one out in the first to start a three - run burst that also included Prado's RBI single and Melky Cabrera's run-scoring double.
The Braves added four more runs in the second, getting a pair on Prado's two - run double. Infante keyed the Braves' three - run third with a two - run homer off Corpas that extended his career-best hitting streak to 14 games.
Ian Stewart's sacrifice fly in the fourth for Colorado made it 10 - 2.