OAKLAND, Calif.--Michael Cuddyer slid into third with a go-ahead triple and came face to face with the same umpire who called him out at home to end the game a night earlier.
Cuddyer's two - out triple in the 10th inning was sweet satisfaction some 24 hours after he was ruled out in a close call trying to score the tying run, and the Minnesota Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night.
The hit off All-Star closer Andrew Bailey (4 - 3) scored Joe Mauer, who singled with one out.
Before Cuddyer batted, manager Ron Gardenhire had some simple instructions.
Matt Guerrier (5 - 0) worked two scoreless innings for the win in this pitcher's duel, a far cry from the offensive slugfest these teams exhibited a night earlier in Oakland's 14 - 13 comeback victory. All-Star Joe Nathan finished for his 26th save in 28 chances and 20th straight.
Delmon Young hit an RBI triple in the fourth and Nick Punto followed with a sacrifice fly that tied the game at 2 for Minnesota, which squandered a 12 - 2 lead a night earlier.
Both Cuddyer and Gardenhire argued that Cuddyer had beaten Michael Wuertz's tag at the plate Monday--and he looked safe on replay. Cuddyer threw his helmet down in disgust.
Monday marked the biggest comeback in Oakland history and matched Minnesota's worst collapse. That game featured two grand slams, eight total home runs and 39 hits--22 by Oakland, which didn't have a strikeout.
There were only 11 hits Tuesday and runs were tough to come by. Gardenhire wasn't worried about his team moving forward from a pair of tough losses. The Twins lost in 12 innings Sunday at Texas.
Wuertz pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth and Bailey followed with a perfect ninth before running into trouble in the 10th.
The A's took the early lead Tuesday on Adam Kennedy's RBI groundout and a run-scoring single by Orlando Cabrera in the third.
Since 2007, 12 of the 23 games between these teams have been decided by one run. Oakland is 2 - 7 in extra-inning games this year and 9 - 15 in one - run games.
Mauer was back in the Minnesota starting lineup after only a late-inning appearance Monday.
Twins third baseman Joe Crede also returned after missing two games with a sprained right shoulder. He got hurt making a diving catch Friday at Texas, but started Saturday before coming out with he felt tingling in his right hand.
Oakland starter Dallas Braden pitched seven strong innings, retiring eight of his final nine batters.
He had won two of his last three starts, but was tagged for a career-high 10 hits in five innings of a 6 - 2 loss to the Los Angeles Angels last Thursday. The left-hander and Oakland Opening Day starter came into Tuesday's outing with the second-lowest run support in the American League at 3.45.
Twins starter Anthony Swarzak also hung tough and was helped by double plays in the first, second and fifth.
Jack Cust's fourth-inning strikeout ended a stretch of 68 consecutive innings without a strikeout for Oakland, the club's longest such streak since doing so for 75 innings in a row from May 14 - 16, 1990.