MIAMI--Giancarlo Stanton took a mighty swing and topped the ball, which dribbled 40 feet before it came to rest on the third-base foul line for a two - out, run-scoring infield single.
Stanton had a blast to go with his bloop, hitting his 22nd homer and driving in four runs to help the Miami Marlins break a three - game losing streak Thursday night by beating Colorado 6 - 0.
Stanton, who leads the majors in homers and RBI, said the swinging bunt felt just as good as the homer.
The Angels' Albert Pujols and Mike Trout clubbed their 17th homers in a win over the Rays. Pujols passed Mickey Mantle for 16th on the all-time list.
David Phelps (3 - 3), rocked by the Rockies at Coors Field last week, pitched a career-high eight innings, allowing four hits. Chris Rusin (2 - 1) gave up 11 hits and six runs in 5 1/3 innings.
Stanton pulled a liner into the Rockies bullpen for a three - run homer in the first inning. He said he knew the ball was gone when he hit it, even though the trajectory was never higher than about 20 feet.
It was only his second homer this year with more than one runner on base. He batted cleanup for the second straight game after previously hitting third this season.
Stanton said the change makes no difference to him, but manager Dan Jennings indicated he may stick with the new lineup for a while.
Stanton enjoys success against the Rockies wherever he bats. In 35 career games against Colorado he has 13 homers and 41 RBI, including his run-scoring dribbler to make the score 5 - 0 in the second inning.
Jeff Baker hit his third homer, Christian Yelich drove in a run with his first triple, and Marcell Ozuna singled to extend his hitting streak to 12 games.
Miami shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria, batting leadoff for the first time this year, had three hits, stole a base and scored a run. He also charged a grounder and made an acrobatic throw while airborne and horizontal to rob Nick Hundley of a hit.
The Marlins' big offensive show came without major league batting leader Dee Gordon, who was given the night off. Gordon leads the majors with a.356 average but is batting.255 since May 15.
Phelps struck out six, walked one and threw 111 pitches to improve his chances of staying in the rotation. He gave up nine runs in a loss at Colorado last week.
By contrast, Rusin regressed after beating Phelps last week.
Miami's Carter Capps struck out two in the ninth to complete a five - hitter.
The Rockies' Corey Dickerson, activated before the game from the disabled list, had two hits in four at-bats. Troy Tulowitzki had a single to extend his hitting streak to 10 games.