CINCINNATI--Bartolo Colon got an early start on New York's trip to Cincinnati, and it paid off in a big way for the Mets.
Colon pitched six innings of five - hit ball and Matt Reynolds homered to the lead the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday.
Colon (13 - 7) improved to 4 - 1 with a 2.25 ERA in his last seven starts. The Reds put a runner on third with nobody out on two occasions, and Colon wiggled out of the jam each time.
Facing an ugly turnaround, Terry Collins rested several regulars but it didn't matter as Bartolo Colon pitched the Mets to a 5 - 0 victory over the Reds.
Kelly Johnson also went deep as the Mets won for the sixth time in eight games. It was New York's 12th straight victory over Cincinnati.
The Mets remained one game back of St. Louis for the second NL wild card after the Cardinals won 12 - 6 at sliding Pittsburgh.
New York had a short turnaround after a 5 - 1 victory over Washington on Sunday night, arriving in Cincinnati early Monday morning. Four regulars--outfielders Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes and infielders Jose Reyes and Asdrubal Cabera--were out of the starting lineup.
But the 43-year-old Colon got plenty of rest after traveling to Cincy on Sunday.
Jay Bruce went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts in his first game in Cincinnati since the Reds traded him to the Mets on Aug. 1.
Robert Stephenson, one of Cincinnati's top prospects, struck out nine in 5 1/3 innings. He allowed two runs and six hits, but fell short in his bid to become the first Cincinnati pitcher since Wayne Simpson in 1970 to win each of his first three major league starts.
The 23-year-old Stephenson (2 - 1), who beat Philadelphia and Colorado in a pair of spot starts in April, said feels less pressure in the majors than he did in the minor leagues.
Reynolds, recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas before the game, hit his third homer of the season with one out in the third inning. He also had an RBI single in New York's three - run seventh and finished with three hits.
Reynolds checked into the Mets' Cincinnati hotel at 9:15 Monday morning after flying all night from Salt Lake City.
Johnson led off the fifth with his 10th homer.
The Mets have hit 18 home runs in their last 11 games at Great American Ball Park and 185 overall this season for their best total since the 2006 team set the franchise record with 200.