WASHINGTON--Utilityman Danny Espinosa seized another opportunity in a season of full of them. Washington Nationals star Bryce Harper thinks his teammate should get more.
Espinosa, playing Sunday for a third straight game because of third baseman Yunel Escobar's minor neck injury, delivered a three - run, go-ahead double in the third inning of the Washington Nationals' 9 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers.
The hit gave Espinosa his 36th RBI in his 337th at-bat of a season in which injuries have rendered him more than just an insurance plan for Escobar, shortstop Ian Desmond and second baseman Anthony Rendon.
Rendon homered for a second straight game and Wilson Ramos also connected for the Nationals, who won a second consecutive series for the first time since they won three straight in late June.
Escobar, who strained his neck colliding with a fan running down a fly ball Friday, is day-to-day and could've played Sunday, manager Matt Williams said. He's batting.305 and the least likely to have his spot taken.
Desmond at short (.229, 15 HR) and Rendon at second (.252, 3 HR) are slightly more vulnerable, though neither would be expected to lose their job to Espinosa.
Sill, Williams praised Espinosa's value to team that will need to produce more consistently on offense to chase down the NL East-leading New York Mets.
Harper hit two doubles, the first down the third-base line against the shift that helped fuel a four - run fourth inning against Matt Garza (6 - 14).
Jordan Zimmermann (10 - 8) allowed four runs in 5 2/3 innings to outlast Garza, who allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings, his shortest start since May 16, as well as a career high-tying six walks.
Jonathan Lucroy, Scooter Gennett and Khris Davis homered for Milwaukee.
Washington took a 5 - 2 lead in the third, scoring four times with two outs.
Rendon walked, Harper doubled and Ryan Zimmerman walked on four pitches to load the bases.
Ian Desmond's chopped single to the mound scored a run and Espinosa cleared the bases with a double off the very top of the out-of-town scoreboard in right center.
Washington chased Garza in a four - run fifth to make it 9 - 3. Ramos drove his 10th homer of the season to center off Garza before Rendon's two - run shot off reliever Corey Knebel.