SAN FRANCISCO--Yoenis Cespedes doesn't feel his timing is all back after a stint on the disabled list.
But it's hard to imagine it's off that much, either.
Cespedes hit two long home runs and added an RBI double in his second game back from the disabled list, boosting Bartolo Colon and the New York Mets over the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 Saturday.
The Mets had lost five of six before topping the team that began the day leading the NL West. The Giants dropped to 11 - 22 since the All-Star break.
Cespedes, who'd been out since Aug. 4 with a strained right quadriceps, drove in three runs. He has 24 homers this season.
The slugger's shot off Matt Moore (7 - 10) in the third inning went 457 feet, according to Statcast.com.
Cespedes added a 418-footer off reliever Jake Peavy in the seventh.
The Mets are hoping that what's next for Cespedes is another second-half power surge, like the one he had last season that took them to the World Series.
Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer during a four - run sixth that stretched the Mets' lead to 7 - 2.
Colon (11 - 7) allowed two runs, scattering nine hits and a walk in 6 1/3 innings. He has three quality starts in four outings this month and a 2.25 ERA in August.
Colon's pitches hit the strike zone with pinpoint accuracy. On a day when the Mets needed the 43-year-old right-hander to go deep into the game with a bullpen taxed, he threw 103 pitches--73 for strikes.
Moore, acquired at the trading deadline from Tampa Bay to bolster the back end of the Giants rotation, is 0 - 3 with a 4.70 ERA in four starts with his new team.
Moore gave up three earned runs and five hits in five innings. It was the first time in 13 outings he pitched less than six innings going back to June 2.
Denard Span hit a "splash" home run off Colon into the San Francisco Bay in the third. The home run was Span's seventh and his second "splash" hit this season.
Angel Pagan extended his hitting streak to 18 games with a bunt single in the first. The Giants outfielder exited after three innings with tightness in his right groin.