ST. LOUIS--Adam Wainwright was given a huge early cushion against a team that's been pushed around for months, and did not let it go to his head.
The St. Louis Cardinals right-hander just kept mowing them down.
Wainwright matched his career high with 12 strikeouts in a five - hitter and the Cardinals punished rookie Lucas Harrell with six runs in the first three innings, getting over an excruciating 19-inning loss two days earlier with a 7 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night.
Skip Schumaker and Yadier Molina had two RBIs apiece for the Cardinals, who got six hits the first seven at-bats in a four - run first and then capitalized on a pair of walks to open a two - run third. Jon Jay had three hits and an RBI.
Wainwright (12 - 10) threw his second shutout and third complete game of the season. Two of the complete games have come during a string of six consecutive victories at home with a 1.42 ERA. He pitched a five - hitter on Aug. 4, a 6 - 1 victory over the Brewers.
Wainwright is 12 - 1 with a 1.58 ERA for his career against Houston. The Astros got two - out hits in the ninth from Justin Maxwell and Jason Castro in a bid to spoil the shutout before Wainwright fanned Ben Francisco on his 105th pitch.
The Astros have been outscored 15 - 1 in two games under interim manager Tony DeFrancesco, who held a team meeting prior to the game in an effort to lift the stripped-down franchise out of the doldrums. Houston is just 7 - 41 since June 28.
Tyler Greene, a former Cardinals first-round pick dealt to Houston earlier this year for a player to be named, struck out twice and grounded out in his first game in St. Louis as a visitor.
Harrell (10 - 9) had allowed two or fewer runs in each of his last seven starts, but balked home the first run and got a visit from pitching coach Doug Brocail after facing just five hitters. The right-hander retired just five of the first 15 batters before settling down, allowing a walk and sacrifice fly the last 10 hitters.
Harrell is from Springfield, Mo., and made his first career start in Missouri and a large contingent of family and friends were waiting outside the clubhouse after the game. He beat the Cardinals in his first two starts this season.
The day after their 6 - 3, 19-inning loss to the Pirates--the longest game in the majors this season--Matheny led a delegation to help rebuild tornado-ravaged Joplin, Mo., and other Cardinals played charity golf.
Jay doubled to start the bottom of the first, and with one out St. Louis got five straight singles from Matt Holliday, Allen Craig, David Freese, Molina and Schumaker. Craig and Freese walked to start the third, Molina followed with an RBI single and Rafael Furcal added a sacrifice fly.
The Astros were shut out for the 12th time.