DETROIT--The Kansas City Royals signed Kendrys Morales last offseason to add some power to what had been a fairly punchless offense in 2014.
Morales has indeed been productive, and on Sunday he enjoyed what might have been the best offensive game of his big league career, hitting three home runs in a 10 - 3 win over the Detroit Tigers. Morales also hit a triple and set a team record with 15 total bases.
The Royals lowered their magic number to three to clinch the AL Central, which would be their first division title in 30 years. Christian Colon had a career-high four hits, and Paulo Orlando also homered for Kansas City.
With the offense that they have right now, you do not want to tangle with the Royals lineup now or in the postseason if you're a playoff team.
The maddening lack of consistency from Alfredo Simon, the Detroit Tigers' most mercurial starting pitcher, continued Sunday against Kansas City.
Morales homered in the third, fourth and eighth innings, becoming the first Kansas City player to go deep three times in a game since Danny Tartabull against Oakland on July 6, 1991. Morales ended up scoring five times on the day, but he was on deck when Eric Hosmer flied out and ended the top of the ninth.
The Royals won the American League pennant last year, but they finished last in the majors in home runs. They've shown more pop in 2015, thanks in part to Morales, who took over the team lead in homers Sunday with 21. Mike Moustakas and Salvador Perez have 20 each.
Kris Medlen (5 - 1) allowed three unearned runs and five hits in five innings for Kansas City, which leads second-place Minnesota by 11 games in the division.
Detroit's Alfredo Simon (13 - 10) allowed eight runs and 13 hits in 4 1/3 innings.
Danny Duffy pitched four innings for his first career save.
Morales became the second player with 15 total bases in a game this season. Yoenis Cespedes of the New York Mets did it at Colorado on Aug. 21.
George Brett held the previous Royals record of 14 total bases. He did it in a 16-inning game in 1979.
The Royals scored two runs in the first, and Morales homered to lead off the third. Orlando's two - run homer later that inning made it 5 - 0.
Detroit scored three runs in the third, but Morales answered that with a solo homer the following inning. His third home run of the day was also a solo shot, easily clearing the wall in right off reliever Jeff Ferrell.