PITTSBURGH (AP)--With one swing of the bat, Jason Bay turned a miserable night into an ecstatic one.
After going hitless in five at-bats, Bay homered in the 13th inning to give the Pittsburgh Pirates a 4 - 3 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday night.
Bay's 16th homer came off Jason Hammel (3 - 3), who was in his second inning of work. He drove a 2 - 2 fastball into the left-field bullpen, ending a 3 hour, 53 minute game that was delayed 42 minutes at the start.
Xavier Nady and Jose Bautista each had two hits for the Pirates, who stopped Tampa Bay's four - game winning streak. Still, the Rays have won 10 of 14 games.
John Van Benschoten (1 - 2), who was recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis before the game, pitched a scoreless inning of relief and picked up the victory.
Van Benschoten, the No. 8 overall pick in the 2001 draft, earned his second career win and first since September 10, 2004, against Houston. The right-hander improved his career record to 2 - 12.
T. J. Beam, also recalled from Triple-A before the game, pitched two scoreless innings. In all, five Pirates relievers limited Tampa Bay to one run and three hits in seven innings.
Bay's hit highlighted a game that was tied three times and featured some clutch pinch-hitting in the late innings.
The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead with a run in the seventh. Adam LaRoche drew a walk against Tampa Bay starter Edwin Jackson leading off. Bautista sacrificed him to second. After an out, Doug Mientkiewicz, pinch-hitting for reliever Tyler Yates, drove a 3 - 2 pitch into the center-field gap for a run-scoring double.
Tampa Bay tied it with its first batter in the eighth. Jonny Gomes, hitting for Eric Hinske, capped a 15-pitch at-bat against reliever Damaso Marte with his sixth home run of the season.
Emergency starter Ty Taubenheim pitched six effective innings for Pittsburgh. He allowed two runs and seven hits, struck out four batters and walked three. He also drove in his first career run with a double in the fifth.
Taubenheim was called up from the minor leagues on Friday night to fill in for the injured Phil Dumatrait. The 25-year-old right-hander was making his first appearance in the major leagues since June 23, 2007, when he was with the Toronto Blue Jays. He was optioned back to Triple-A after the game. The Pirates are expected to make a corresponding roster move Sunday.
Jackson allowed three runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings. He struck out three and walked two. Jason Bartlett had two hits and a walk for the Rays.