MIAMI--Pitching to the St. Louis Cardinals' big three didn't work. Walking them backfired, too.
With another productive day by Albert Pujols, Matt Holliday and Lance Berkman, the Cardinals completed their first four - game series sweep on the road since 2004.
St. Louis foiled intentional walks to Pujols and Berkman during a three - run sixth inning Sunday, and Holliday drove in three runs with a pair of two - out singles to help beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 4.
In a single series, the Cardinals matched their longest winning streak of the season.
Pujols hit his third home run of the series and his 27th this season, and his intentional walk backfired on the Marlins in the sixth inning, when Holliday followed with a tying single. The Marlins then intentionally walked Lance Berkman, and Jon Jay foiled that strategy with a two - run single.
Holliday said it was especially satisfying to produce after the walks.
Sloppy defense plagued the Marlins all day, and after they tied the game at 4-all, the Cardinals took advantage of a throwing error by shortstop Emilio Bonifacio to score three unearned runs in the seventh. Ryan Theriot's RBI single put St. Louis up 5 - 4, and Holliday added a two - run single.
Pujols, Holliday and Berkman combined to hit.438 (21 for 48) in the series with five home runs and 13 RBIs. It was the final game in the Marlins' current home for the Cardinals, and their record in the stadium is 45 - 27, best in the NL.
This season the Marlins are having trouble beating anybody in Miami, where they're 24 - 36. On the road they're 31 - 23.
Florida was swept in a four - game series at home for the second time in two months. It also happened against Milwaukee on June 3 - 6.
The Marlins' new ballpark opening next season will have a retractable roof, and neither the home team nor the visitors will miss dealing with South Florida's wet summer weather. The start of the game was delayed 81 minutes by rain, and drizzle fell throughout the final few innings.
About a thousand hardy fans remained until the end, and the majority seemed to be Cardinals rooters.
Florida's Bryan Petersen hit his first major league homer, a two - run shot that tied the game when he pinch-hit with two out in the sixth.
The pitchers of record were a bit misleading. Mitchell Boggs (2 - 3) received credit for the victory despite giving up Petersen's homer in the only inning he worked. Mike Dunn (5 - 6) took the loss even though he didn't allow an earned run--the two runs charged against him were unearned because of Bonifacio's error.
The Cardinals' Jaime Garcia had his second consecutive five - inning outing. He departed for a pinch hitter trailing 2 - 1.