BALTIMORE--The Houston Astros gasped, watched in dismay and jumped for joy in the span of a few minutes.
When the unusual sequence of events was complete, the American League's best ballclub was well on its way to another victory.
Marwin Gonzalez stepped in for injured Colin Moran and delivered a pinch-hit, three - run homer in the sixth inning to propel Houston past the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 4 on Saturday night.
Moran fouled a ball off his left eye and had difficulty standing before being carted from the field with a towel pressed against his bloody face.
After play resumed, Gonzalez ended a nine - pitch at-bat by driving a 2 - 2 offering from Darren O'Day (1 - 3) over the right-field wall and onto Eutaw Street. It was Houston's first pinch-hit homer of the season, and it capped a five - run uprising that wiped out Baltimore's 4 - 1 lead.
As he headed to the plate, Gonzalez knew he had to turn his attention toward getting a hit off O'Day.
O'Day also experienced an array of emotions--from bad to worse.
Alex Bregman and Yuli Gurriel homered for the Astros, who will seek to complete a three - game sweep on Sunday. Houston has won eight straight over the Orioles spanning two seasons.
Astros right-hander Collin McHugh allowed four runs in 4 2/3 innings in his season debut and Francis Martes (3 - 0) pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief.
McHugh went 19 - 7 in 2015 and 13 - 10 last year before being diagnosed with right shoulder tendinitis at spring training. He was shut down after one inning in a rehab start for Triple-A Fresno on April 6, returned to the mound on June 30 and pitched in four games with Double-A Corpus Christi before being activated Saturday.
McHugh showed no ill effects from the layoff--until the fifth inning. After issuing a leadoff walk to Seth Smith, he got two quick outs before it started to rain. An instant later, Adam Jones drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left-field seats.
Manny Machado followed with a single and Jonathan Schoop chased McHugh with a shot that wasted no time clearing the left-field wall.
Gurriel shaved the margin with a two - run drive off Chris Tillman in the sixth, and Gonzalez completed the comeback.