SAN FRANCISCO--Tim Hudson knows almost nobody around the ever-changing Oakland Athletics anymore. That didn't make defeating his former team for the first time any less sweet.
Hudson earned a win against the only team he had never beaten in a 17-year big league career, pitching the San Francisco Giants past the struggling A's 4 - 3 on Sunday for a sweep in the Bay Bridge Series.
Matt Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first and drove in three runs, and Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the initial inning to back Hudson, who became the 15th pitcher to defeat all 30 current teams in the majors.
He also won his first game since turning 40 on July 14.
Buster Posey had a season-high four hits in the Giants' sixth straight home win, fifth in a row overall and 12th in 14.
The reigning World Series champion Giants recorded their seventh sweep of the season and first against the A's since May 20 - 22, 2011, at AT & T Park. The clubs play again at Oakland from Sept. 25 - 27.
Hudson (6 - 8) faced Oakland for the third time after losing the first two. The right-hander was a sixth-round draft pick by Oakland in 1997 and pitched his initial six major league seasons for the A's from 1999 - 2004.
Hudson's wild pitch in the second allowed the A's to get one run back after Josh Reddick's leadoff double. Brett Lawrie and pinch-hitter Billy Butler had consecutive run-scoring singles in the fourth.
Fourth reliever Santiago Casilla gave up a leadoff walk and a single with none out before finishing for his career-high 26th save.
Third base umpire and crew chief Joe West checked the ball Hudson was throwing in the third--the first time the pitcher has ever had that happen--drawing boos from the sellout crowd of 42,034. Hudson then hit his 19th career double in the bottom half.
The Giants recognized West on the main scoreboard before the sixth for working his 4,768th game, tied for third all-time with Tommy Connolly.
Combined with his nine home runs, Duffy has driven in himself and Angel Pagan 17 times.
Oakland lost its fourth straight and fifth in six.
A's rookie Kendall Graveman (6 - 7) lost his third straight start and failed to make it out of the fifth in as many of those outings that came following a three - start winning streak.
He missed batting for the first time as a professional, too, knocked out after 1 1/3 innings with seven hits and four runs.
Oakland leadoff hitter and center fielder Billy Burns returned to the starting lineup after being held out of the lineup Saturday after fouling a ball that hit him in the groin area a day earlier, causing a testicular bruise.