CLEVELAND--The Cleveland Indians probably wish the rain had never stopped.
After a 2-hour, 14-minute delay to start the first game, Kansas City's Mark Teahen got five of the Royals' 31 total hits in a doubleheader sweep over the Indians on Saturday.
Teahen had three hits in an 8 - 3 win in the first game, then homered twice in an 8 - 4 victory in the nightcap. The outfielder had four RBIs in the sweep.
The Indians allowed all fans at game one to go to the box office and exchange their ticket stub for a ticket to the second game. They saw the Royals take two in one day from Cleveland for the first time since July 2, 1984.
Ryan Shealy homered and had a career-high four hits while Miguel Olivo had three hits and three RBIs in the second game for Kansas City.
Robinson Tejada (2 - 2) gave up one run and two hits over five innings in his first start after 23 relief appearances for the Royals, who claimed him on waivers from Texas on June 24. It was the right-hander's 47th career start--first since July 22, 2007, for the Rangers against Cleveland.
Joakim Soria, the Royals' fifth pitcher, came on with two runners on and two outs in the ninth, walked pinch-hitter Shin-soo Choo, then got Travis Hafner to ground out for his 37th save in 40 chances.
Teahen connected for a solo homer and two - run shot, his 14th, off Bryan Bullington (0 - 1).
Bullington gave up eight hits and six runs over 4 2 - 3 innings in his first start for Cleveland, which claimed him on waivers from Pittsburgh on July 10. The right-hander was the top overall pick in the 2002 draft by the Pirates, missed the entire 2006 season after shoulder surgery, and fell to 0 - 3 in three career starts.
In the first game, Zack Greinke (11 - 10) pitched six solid innings to beat Cleveland for the first time in three starts since Aug. 21. He gave up three runs and nine hits and matched Gil Meche for the team lead in wins.
Greinke lost twice to Cleveland's 22-game winner in the past month.
Fausto Carmona (8 - 7) gave up seven runs and 11 hits in 6 1/3 innings--then flung his hat and glove into the stands after being lifted by Wedge in the midst of the Royals' four - run seventh.
Carmona was sidelined from late May until late July with a strained left hip, just one of several injuries to key players that dropped the defending AL Central Indians out of contention.
Carmona's first loss in five career decisions against the Royals followed a 14 - 3 loss in Baltimore on Monday in which he gave up seven runs in 5 1/3 innings.
Ross Gload and Alberto Callaspo each had two hits and two RBIs while Mitch Maier singled in his first at bat since being hit in the face by a pitch from Indians left-hander Zach Jackson on Aug. 20.
Jamey Carroll and Andy Marte had RBI singles and Choo drove in a run with a sacrifice fly for Cleveland.