LOS ANGELES--Jimmy Rollins saw a gaping hole in left field and visualized hitting the ball right there. Then he did just that, teeing off on a sinker left up for the go-ahead runs in the seventh inning.
That rallied the NL West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10 - 7 win Monday night over Rollins' old team, the last-place Philadelphia Phillies, who lost for the seventh time in eight games.
Former Phillies star Jimmy Rollins twice came up with some key hits against his old team.
The Los Angeles Dodgers survived a grinding, slow-paced game against the hapless Philadelphia Phillies that took 4 hours and 13 minutes on Monday.
With one out, Jeanmar Gomez gave up consecutive singles to Yasiel Puig and Andre Ethier, who moved up on pinch hitter Alberto Callaspo's groundout to the pitcher. Rollins followed with a two - run single to left-center, and Cody Asche's throw home pulled catcher Carlos Ruiz away from the plate. He stretched in an effort to tag Ethier, but lost the ball in the process.
Rollins came home on a double by All-Star rookie Joc Pederson, giving the Dodgers a 10 - 7 lead in a game that lasted 4 hours, 13 minutes. It was 3 minutes short of the longest nine - inning game in the majors this season.
Batting ninth, Rollins finished 2 - for - 4 with two runs while facing the Phillies for the first time since requesting a trade last December after 14 years in Philadelphia.
Gomez (0 - 2) allowed three runs and six hits in 1⅔ innings. He had his career-best scoreless streak snapped at 13⅔ innings.
J. P. Howell (4 - 1) got the victory in relief, striking out the only batter he faced. Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances.
All-Stars Adrian Gonzalez and Yasmani Grandal each hit a first-pitch homer for the Dodgers, who blew three leads. Gonzalez hit his 16th with two outs in the first, and Grandal added a three - run shot that tied the game 6-all in the fifth.
The Dodgers went ahead 7 - 6 on Howie Kendrick's RBI single that scored Rollins, who singled. Kendrick went 4 - for - 5 and finished a home run shy of the cycle with a triple, double and two singles.
Howard hit a three - run homer that gave the Phillies a 5 - 3 lead in the third. Freddy Galvis had a two - run shot in the second and Odubel Herrera added a solo homer in the fourth, when the Phillies led 6 - 3.
They tied the game 7-all in the seventh on Galvis' sacrifice fly.
Phillies starter Sean O'Sullivan allowed eight hits and seven runs--six earned--in 5⅓ innings on a career-high 123 pitches. After the game, he was sent outright to Triple-A Lehigh Valley, having gone winless in his past nine starts.
Yimi Garcia made his first start since 2011 in the minors for the Dodgers in place of Carlos Frias, who went on the disabled list last week. Garcia lasted just two innings, giving up two runs and four hits.