KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Kansas City's win over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday could have seemed like a fluke. A last-place team's going to pull an upset against a first-place team on occasion, right?
Two in a row? Maybe these Royals haven't given up just yet.
Billy Butler drove in two runs, Kansas City's bullpen pitched 4 1/3 scoreless innings and the Royals ended the first-place Detroit Tigers' six - game winning streak with a 7 - 5 victory Tuesday night.
That's consecutive wins for the first time since July 27 - 28 at Baltimore, against two first-place teams, no less.
It's not just that the Royals did it. It's how they did it.
The offense, mired in a seemingly never-ending slump, produced 11 hits, went 6 for 13 with runners in scoring position. Butler had a double and a run-scoring single off Bobby Seay (5 - 3) in the seventh, and Mike Jacobs had a rare opposite field hit to drive in another run.
And the bullpen--wow.
Royals relievers came through for the second straight game, picking up after Bruce Chen's wobbly start.
Yasuhiko Yabuta (1 - 1) allowed two hits in 2 1/3 innings for his second career victory, Roman Colon pitched a perfect eighth and Joakim Soria survived two hits in the ninth for his 23rd save.
The AL Central-leading Tigers scored five runs off Chen in 4 2/3 innings, but went through six pitchers and had two costly outfield miscues.
Marcus Thames and Aubrey Huff drove in two runs each and Ryan Raburn homered for Detroit, which remained 6 1/2 games in front of Minnesota.
Detroit starter Rick Porcello wasn't sharp, but gave the Tigers a chance.
The rookie right-hander gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings, though it could have been less if not for a miscue by Raburn in the fifth inning.
Trying to line up Josh Anderson's liner in left, Raburn took a step in, then scrambled as the ball sailed over his head for a double. Mitch Maier followed with a soft run-scoring double to center and Butler's warning-track sacrifice fly.
Porcello still ended up leaving with a 5 - 4 lead, but Detroit's bullpen--thanks to a miscue by right fielder Clete Thomas--couldn't hold it.
Raburn did his job on David DeJesus' single, double-clutching and still getting Yuniesky Betancourt by two steps at the plate. Then Thomas, worried about the wall, barely got a glove on Butler's foul ball in the corner. Two pitches later, Butler lined a run-scoring single through the right side and Jacobs followed with an RBI single to left that made it 6 - 5.
It still wasn't over. Kansas City hasn't had much luck closing out wins, unable to get clutch hits, waiting for the bullpen to blow up.
This time, it didn't happen.
The bullpen held and DeJesus hit a sacrifice fly--on another close play at the plate involving Betancourt and Raburn--to give the Royals a two - run lead in the eighth.
Two wins over two first-place teams. Not bad.