DENVER (AP)--Jair Jurrjens missed a step in the dugout in Chicago last week, rolling an ankle and forcing him to skip a start.
The Atlanta rookie didn't miss a step in his return Monday night, pitching into the eighth without allowing a run as the Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 1 in a makeup game from a snowout in April.
The layoff was good for Jurrjens, giving a bothersome blister on his thumb more time to heal.
Jurrjens (7 - 3) won for the seventh time this season, tops among rookies in the major leagues. He struck out seven and allowed eight hits in a career-high 7 2/3 innings.
Neither the blister nor the ankle gave him any trouble.
Chipper Jones rediscovered his smooth swing Monday, going 2 - for - 4, including a two - run single in the fifth to break open a scoreless game. Jones, mired in a 2 - for - 15 slump entering the game, raised his average one point to.403.
After a strikeout in the third, his average stood right at.400. Not that he was concerned.
Jeff Francoeur had two hits, including a two - run double in the seventh, and Brandon Jones added a two - out, two - run single in the ninth for Atlanta.
Jurrjens pitched out of jams all night, including the seventh when he gave up a triple to Brad Hawpe to open the inning.
However, after walking Chris Iannetta, Jurrjens struck out Omar Quintanilla on his best changeup of the night, got a nifty over-the-shoulder catch by Jones on Scott Podsednik's blooper to short left and then enticed Willy Taveras to ground out to end the threat.
In McCann's opinion, Jurrjens was like the pitcher before the blister problem.
Jurrjens laughed at the assertion.
Ubaldo Jimenez struggled with his command all game, tying a career-high with five walks over five innings. He allowed three runs--two earned--and struck out seven.
Jimenez (1 - 7) hasn't won since April 8 against Atlanta, a span of 13 starts.
Jimenez pitched brilliantly in his previous start, not allowing a run over seven innings against San Francisco on June 11.
But his erratic control led to his undoing Monday. His command has been a concern most of the season, not that Jimenez is dwelling on it.
Matt Holliday and Garrett Atkins both had two hits while Aaron Cook collected his first pinch-hit single when he batted for Jimenez in the fifth.
The Rockies averted the shutout in the ninth when Podsednik dumped a single to left to score Iannetta. Colorado hasn't been shut out at Coors Field since a 3 - 0 loss to Arizona on May 15, 2007.