WASHINGTON--Atlanta Braves left fielder Justin Upton saw the baseball nestle underneath some green wall padding and initially, instead of trying to make a play, threw up his arms and waited for a call from the umpires.
All the while, Washington's Ian Desmond kept running, making it all the way around the bases for an inside-the-park homer, apparently tying the game in the fifth inning.
Hold on, though.
This is a new era in the majors, in which all sorts of plays can be reviewed and changed. So Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez challenged the non-call, and Desmond's home run was switched to a ground-rule double after a five - minute delay. Desmond then got caught stealing, capping a significant sequence Friday in Atlanta's 2 - 1 victory over Washington.
The result spoiled the Nationals' home opener and gave rookie manager Matt Williams his first loss following a 3 - 0 start.
Williams did not agree with the way the review went, pointing out that Upton did eventually grab the ball and heave it toward the infield.
Added Upton: "I made the play a little more confusing than it should have been."
Some in the sellout crowd of 42,834 chanted "Home run! Home run!" during the review delay. And after the homer was overturned, fans booed Upton whenever he was involved in the action, whether he was catching a flyout or stepping into the batter's box.
Desmond, meanwhile, was determined to run until someone told him to stop.
Desmond chided himself more for the subsequent running gaffe. It was one of a series of problems for Washington on the basepaths: Bryce Harper got caught because of a pitchout on a steal attempt, and Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate by Simmons on a relay.
Washington did eventually even the score, but Atlanta's Chris Johnson delivered a go-ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth off reliever Tyler Clippard (0 - 1).
Luis Avilan (1 - 0) got one out in the seventh for the win, and Craig Kimbrel earned his third save with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth.
In the eighth, Atlanta's fourth reliever, David Carpenter, put two runners on with no outs. But he came back to strike out Washington's 4 - 5 - 5 hitters, LaRoche, Zimmerman and Harper.
Atlanta's first run came on Evan Gattis' homer leading off the fifth against Nationals starter Jordan Zimmermann, who was scratched Thursday because of a fever and upset stomach. A 19-game winner last year, Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings while striking out nine.
Atlanta right-hander David Hale threw five scoreless innings in his third career start.
In 2013, Atlanta went 13 - 6 against Washington in 2013 en route to replacing the Nationals as NL East champions.