KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Eric Hosmer was looking to make amends for his error that led to two unearned runs.
Hosmer hit two homers and Alcides Escobar drove in the winning run in the ninth to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
After Hosmer failed to handle Adam Jones' bouncer in the fourth, Matt Wieters hit a two - run two - out homer off Ervin Santana.
Both of Hosmer's home runs were off left-hander Wei-Yen Chen. Hosmer is hitting.333 against left-handers.
But he entered the game with only one home run in 104 at-bats off left-handers.
Hosmer homered in the first and his two - run home run in the eighth tied the score at 3. It was Hosmer's third career multi-homer game and his second this season.
David Lough singled and scored the game-ending run when Escobar doubled off the fence in left-center with one out in the ninth.
Instead, Nate McLouth nearly caught it at the wall.
Instead, the ball kicked away off the top padding, giving Lough enough time to score from first.
Darren O'Day (5 - 1) took the loss, while Luke Hochevar (3 - 1), picked up the victory after working a scoreless ninth.
Chen, who went on the disabled list May 13 with a right oblique strain before returning July 10, departed after Hosmer's second home run with Lorenzo Cain aboard with one out in the eighth.
Chen gave up a home run to Hosmer on a full-count pitch in the first inning. Chen had not permitted a home run in his previous four starts.
He retired the next 12 hitters after Hosmer's first home run until Escobar's single in the fifth.
"He threw the ball really well. For us not to score much and still have the lead, that's a tribute to Santana and Chen, both. I thought Wei-Yin pitched as well as Santana did, or better."
A bevy of scouts were in attendance to watch Santana. The right-hander can be a free agent after this season and it has been reported he would be dealt before the July 31 trading deadline without a player having to clear waivers.
Santana gave up three runs, only one earned, on seven hits in eight innings to lower his ERA to 3.06, which ranks eighth in the American League.
The Orioles added a run in the eighth to take a 3 - 1 lead. Brian Roberts and McLouth led off with singles. After Manny Machado bunted them over, Santana walked Nick Markakis intentionally to load the bases. Roberts scored on Jones' fielder's choice grounder to shortstop.