BOSTON--It was beginning to look familiar when Toronto's R. A. Dickey took a no-hitter into the sixth inning against the Boston Red Sox--the best-hitting team in baseball.
After all, the Blue Jays knuckleballer did the same thing in his previous start.
But five days after throwing 5 1/3 no-hit innings against the Red Sox in Toronto--and then watching it all fall apart--Dickey threw five innings of hitless ball and the Blue Jays held on to beat Boston 5 - 2 on Friday night.
A 5 - 2 loss Friday was the Red Sox's third straight against an AL East foe and a reminder Boston's powerful offense isn't the only one in the division.
With his 26-game hitting streak over, Xander Bogaerts admitted to feeling some pressure to keep it going but said he enjoyed the ride.
Roberto Osuna helped, striking out Xander Bogaerts with two on to end the game and end the Boston shortstop's 26-game hitting streak, second-longest in the majors this year to teammate Jackie Bradley Jr.'s.
Bogaerts went 0 for 3 and walked twice, with the Fenway Park crowd booing when he didn't see a strike in the eighth inning. Bogaerts came up again as the tying run with two out in the ninth and worked the count to 3 - 0 before Osuna struck him out for his 13th save.
One start after no-hitting into the sixth and then allowing the next five batters to reach base, Dickey didn't give up a hit until David Ortiz opened the sixth with a double. He got the next three batters on a flyball to center, a comebacker to the mound and a strikeout.
Dickey walked five, hit a batter and struck out four. He left after allowing Mookie Betts' ground rule double with two out in the seventh, only the second Red Sox hit.
Boston tied its longest losing streak of the season with its third consecutive defeat. The Red Sox have lost six of their last nine games.
David Price (7 - 2), who helped pitch Toronto into the playoffs last season and then signed with Boston, allowed two earned runs on six hits, four walks and a hit batter, striking out five in seven innings. He stayed in the game after being hit by Jose Bautista's line drive in the third.