WASHINGTON--Scoring two runs with Max Scherzer on the mound is all the offense the Washington Nationals need for wins these days. Having the pitcher race around the bases for the go-ahead score isn't usually part of the plan.
Bryce Harper hit another home run and Scherzer had another dominant outing to help the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Friday night for their sixth straight win.
Harper's homer, his 11th in 14 games, tied the score 1 - 1 in the second inning. Ian Desmond's RBI double drove in Scherzer from first base with the go-ahead run in the sixth. The NL East-leading Nationals are 18 - 4 since April 28.
Scherzer (5 - 3) allowed four hits over eight innings with six strikeouts and one walk. He retired 19 of 22 after Odubel Herrera's RBI double in the second--including the final eight batters. Over his last four starts, Scherzer is 4 - 0 with 33 strikeouts.
It was his base running that gained most of the postgame attention.
With the score tied at 1 - 1, Scherzer led off the sixth inning with a clean single to right on a 1 - 2 pitch from Sean O'Sullivan (1 - 3). One out later, he raced home on Desmond's drive off the centerfield wall.
The effort impressed his teammates, sort of.
Drew Storen got the last three outs for his 13th save in 14 chances. He allowed two singles in the ninth, but got the final two batters.
The Phillies have lost three of four after winning six in a row. O'Sullivan allowed two runs and five hits in six innings.
Scherzer wasn't totally untouchable in his third start this season against Philadelphia--three of the four hits he allowed were doubles. Denard Span chased down multiple long fly balls in center field.
O'Sullivan went 0 - 1 with a 4.91 ERA in two earlier starts against Washington this season, both coming in April. Harper homered in each game. The right fielder did it for the third time in his first at-bat Friday.
The Phillies opened the scoring with two doubles off the wall in the second inning for a 1 - 0 lead. Harper immediately countered leading off the bottom of the inning, poking a 1 - 2 pitch just over the left-field wall for his 11th home run in 45 at-bats.
The Phillies scored four or more runs in seven of their previous eight games.
Chase Utley had two hits in the second stop of a three - city, nine - game road trip.