PITTSBURGH--Josh Harrison shrugged it off when the Nationals intentionally walked the batter ahead of him in the lineup. Late in a tie game, Harrison had confidence facing Washington's ace.
Harrison lined a two - out single to center after Jose Tabata tied the game with a sacrifice fly two batters earlier, and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Nationals 3 - 2 Saturday night for their fourth straight win.
In a duel between former No. 1 overall draft picks, Gerrit Cole and the Pirates came out on top of Stephen Strasburg and the Nats.
Gerrit Cole left after six innings trailing by a run while facing Strasburg in the first matchup in the NL of No. 1 overall draft picks in nine years.
Cole--the top pick of the 2011 draft, two years after Strasburg went first--allowed two runs on five hits with seven strikeouts.
Strasburg (3 - 4) allowed three runs on seven hits with seven strikeouts in seven innings.
Neil Walker hit his 10th home run for the Pirates, who tied their season-best winning streak.
Jared Hughes (3 - 1), Jeanmar Gomez and Mark Melancon each worked a perfect inning of relief for Pittsburgh. Melancon picked up his ninth save when he finished the Pirates' majors-best 14th one - run victory.
Ian Desmond hit his ninth homer for Washington (24 - 25), which has lost six of eight and fell under.500 for the first time this season.
"I do think we've probably reached the point where we're trying too hard and need to take a step back and let the game come to us."
The bullpen backed up Cole, who allowed 10 baserunners and threw 112 pitches in six innings, retiring the side in order only once.
Still, Pittsburgh won for the fourth time in five May starts by Cole.
Wilson Ramos' sawed-off, bloop single in the sixth scored Anthony Rendon to give the Nationals a 2 - 1 lead.
Strasburg, who struck out 14 in a memorable major league debut against the Pirates almost four years ago, did not allow a hit Saturday until Walker's homer to center with one out in the fourth.
Pittsburgh managed just three more singles off Strasburg until the seventh, when Russell Martin led off with a single and went to third on a one - out double by Starling Marte before scoring on the sacrifice fly by pinch-hitter Tabata.
After Strasburg fell behind pinch hitter Travis Snider 2 - 0, the Nationals intentionally walked him, setting up Harrison's at-bat.
Martin and Marte each had two hits. Greg Dobbs went 2 - for - 4 for the Nationals.