ANAHEIM, Calif.--With nary a trace of fanfare, Los Angeles Angels slugger Mark Trumbo has quietly nestled into third place in the American League batting race.
Trumbo homered twice, going 4 for 4 with four RBIs and leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night. He raised his average from.322 to.337, eight points ahead of Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter.
Trumbo, who trails Paul Konerko and Josh Hamilton in the batting race, opened the scoring with a first-pitch drive over the center-field wall. Two pitches later, Torii Hunter sent his sixth of the season over the bullpen fence in left, giving the Angels consecutive homers for the first time this season.
The Angels increased their lead to 4 - 1 in the bottom half with RBI singles by Albert Pujols and Trumbo, who made it 6 - 1 in the fifth with another towering homer to center on an 0 - 2 pitch after Pujols doubled.
Trumbo's four hits tied a career high. He also did it May 17 against the Chicago White Sox at Anaheim. Only one other time this season had an Angels player homered twice in a game--Kendrys Morales did it in Monday's series opener.
Trumbo was 0 for 5 with four strikeouts and stranded five baserunners in Monday night's series opener.
What a difference a day made.
"I guess the last week or so has been a little inconsistent. I looked at some video and my swing had gotten a little long, so today I tried to shorten it up and try not to miss a couple of those pitches I missed yesterday and in previous days."
Garrett Richards (1 - 0) pitched seven innings for his first major league victory. The 24-year-old right-hander allowed a run and four hits, walked two and struck out eight against an offense that averaged 9.2 runs over its previous six games--including a 21 - 8 rout at Texas last Wednesday.
Richards was filling in for ace Jered Weaver, who is on the disabled list with a lower back strain. He yielded only one hit through the first 4 2/3 innings--a leadoff homer by Michael Saunders in the third.
"It was good to get the first one out of the way," he added. "Last year I kind of got my feet wet and didn't really know what to expect. Tonight the command was there and I really had a good feel for all my pitches. I had the two - seamer down and my slider was good. I just felt comfortable out there."
Blake Beavan (3 - 5) pitched five innings and gave up six runs on 10 hits in five innings, including all three homers. It was the third time in 26 big league starts that the right-hander allowed three in one game, including consecutive home starts last August against Boston and Toronto.
Angels catcher Bobby Wilson, who was replaced by a pinch-hitter on Monday after getting struck in the facemask by a foul tip, was placed on the seven - day concussion DL. Wilson went on the 15-day DL in April 2010 with a concussion, after a bone - jarring collision with the Yankees' Mark Teixeira at home plate--a play that also resulted in a sprained left ankle in Wilson's first big league start behind the plate.