NEW YORK--Every time they give him something to hit, Troy Tulowitzki is making the Mets pay.
Tulowitzki sliced a go-ahead homer through the thick fog and the Colorado Rockies, off to the best start in club history, beat New York 5 - 4 on Wednesday night for their fourth consecutive victory--all on the road.
Ryan Spilborghs also connected and Esmil Rogers (2 - 0) won his second straight outing to begin the season. The NL West leaders improved to 8 - 2, with the only losses coming in extra innings.
The Rockies, who opened 7 - 3 in 1995 and' 97, are 5 - 1 away from Coors Field after going 31 - 50 on the road last year.
Tulowitzki foiled the Mets with his bat and glove in the series opener Monday night, then burned them again Wednesday when they pitched to him with first base open in a key spot. He hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese (0 - 2) in the fifth inning to give Colorado a 4 - 3 lead.
The slugger also doubled and singled, meaning eight of his 11 hits this season have gone for extra bases. He is 5 for 8 in the series with six RBIs.
Carlos Beltran and Daniel Murphy each had an RBI double for the Mets (4 - 7), who have dropped six of seven following a three - game winning streak. First-year manager Terry Collins held a quick, closed-door meeting after the game and made it clear what he expects.
"We've been in every game and we've got to start winning'em," he added. "We're one pitch away and we're one swing away from being 9 - 2, and we're not. But the next 11 we need to be 9 - 2. We need to get it going and do the things we haven't done so far."
The Mets and Rockies will play three games in a 24-hour span--a rainout Tuesday night forced Thursday's traditional doubleheader, which begins at 12:10 p.m.
The weather was only slightly better Wednesday, when players could see their own breath on a gloomy, misty, 49-degree night that felt more like Victorian London than New York City.
After throwing 7 1/3 strong innings to win 7 - 1 at Pittsburgh last Thursday, Rogers lasted 5 2/3 innings this time. He gave up three runs and seven hits before four relievers finished up.
Huston Street tossed a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances.
Carlos Gonzalez made a diving catch in left field to save a run in the first for the Rockies.
Seth Smith drew a one - out walk in the fifth, Jonathan Herrera singled and Gonzalez's slow groundout left runners at second and third. With first base open, the Mets had a chance to walk Tulowitzki and instead face Jose Lopez with the bases loaded, but Collins chose not to.
Tulowitzki reached for an 0 - 1 pitch that appeared to be outside and punched a slicing shot into the right-field corner. His fifth home run of the season, and second in the past two games at spacious Citi Field, put Colorado ahead 4 - 3.
The All-Star shortstop hit a two - run shot with first base open in the eighth inning Monday night, giving the Rockies a three - run cushion in a 7 - 6 victory. He also made an outstanding defensive play to preserve a seventh-inning tie in that game.
Spilborghs added a solo shot off Niese in the sixth, his first of the season. New York cut it to 5 - 4 on Angel Pagan's sacrifice fly in the seventh.
The Mets intentionally walked Tulowitzki with first base open in the ninth and got out of the inning unscathed.
Tulowitzki doubled in the fourth and scored on Todd Helton's single.