DENVER--Coors Field has been a house of horrors for Derek Lowe. On Friday night, he threw six strong innings in the ballpark that has vexed so many visiting pitchers.
Lowe earned his first win in a month, Garrett Anderson and Diory Hernandez hit two - run doubles and the Atlanta Braves beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 1.
Lowe entered the game 2 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in nine starts in Denver, but he felt he was due for a strong outing in the Mile High air.
Lowe (8 - 7) was 0 - 4 in five starts since beating the Pittsburgh Pirates on June 9. He ended his personal skid with what he said was his best game all season. He gave up one run and four hits, struck out five and walked one. He left after a 52-minute rain delay that began at the end of the sixth inning.
Lowe's sinker got him out of trouble in the fifth when the Rockies had runners on first and second and no outs. Lowe got Carlos Gonzalez to ground into a double play and struck out pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez to end the threat.
Lowe got all the support he needed in the first when Milton Prado and Chipper Jones had consecutive one - out singles, and one out later, Anderson knocked in both with a double to right-center.
Todd Helton made it 2 - 1 with a 418-foot homer with two outs in the sixth, his 10th of the season. One out later, the game was delayed by rain, ending Lowe's night.
Anderson and Prado both had two hits for the Braves, who before the game traded right fielder Jeff Francoeur and cash to the New York Mets for outfielder Ryan Church.
Jimenez (6 - 9), who no-hit Arizona for 6 2/3 innings in his last outing, is 0 - 3 in his last four starts. He gave up two runs and six hits, struck out eight and walked one in six innings.
The Braves extended their lead in the eighth on Hernandez's two - out double that drove in Brian McCann and Matt Diaz.
The Rockies threatened in the bottom of the inning, but reliever Eric O'Flaherty struck out Helton and Hawpe with runners on second and third.
The Rockies, who rallied three times Thursday to beat Atlanta, couldn't come up with the big hit Friday.
The Rockies lost reliever Alan Embree for the season when he was hit by a line drive and fractured his right tibia.
Embree, who relieved Jimenez after the rain delay, was taken off the field on a cart after being struck by a line drive hit by Prado in the seventh. The Rockies said he will have surgery Saturday and is done for the year.