The Denver Nuggets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 100 - 96, at Pepsi Center on Thursday evening. With the tight playoff race between the two teams coming to a head, it was only fitting that Thursday's matchup was a back - and - forth thriller. While Minnesota (44 - 35) opened up a lead in the second quarter thanks to an 80 run, neither team was able to truly establish command of the game. The Nuggets (44 - 35) began to turn things around in the late third and early fourth quarter, when veteran guard Devin Harris scored eight quick points to jump - start the team's offense. The game went down to the wire, but the Nuggets were able to earn the win after All-Star power forward Paul Millsap hit two free - throws to put them up by five points with 34 seconds remaining. Harris had 20 points off the bench, providing much - needed life to Denver's second unit. The Nuggets saw only six other points from their bench, all from big man Mason Plumlee. Sophomore guard Jamal Murray led the team in scoring overall, shooting 8 - of - 16 en route to 22 points. Star center Nikola Jokic flirted with a triple - double, finishing with 16 points, 14 rebounds, and nine assists. The win moved Denver into a tie with Minnesota for eighth in the Western Conference standings with only three games remaining. The Timberwolves, meanwhile, were led by their own star big man. Karl-Anthony Towns had 26 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting along with 13 rebounds in the narrow loss. Veteran Taj Gibson was also a major factor for the Wolves, scoring 17 points and grabbing six offensive rebounds. Ultimately, though, the Timberwolves had excessive trouble scoring from three - point range. Minnesota went just 6 - of - 24 from beyond the arc in the loss. The team remains without All-Star wing Jimmy Butler (meniscus), and is still making a push for the first Minnesota playoff berth in 13 years. Both teams will travel to Los Angeles for their next game, with the Timberwolves playing the Lakers on Friday and the Nuggets visiting the Clippers on Saturday.