MINNEAPOLIS--Sometimes earning a win comes down to having one good inning or taking advantage of one good opportunity. The Cleveland Indians proved that Sunday.
For six innings, the Indians had little answer for Minnesota starter Carl Pavano. They couldn't score, they couldn't get multiple hits in an inning and they couldn't generate any momentum.
But given an extra out in the seventh because of a Minnesota error, Cleveland made the Twins pay. With Shelley Duncan homering and hitting a two - run double off of the left-field wall in the inning, the Indians scored six times and sent 11 hitters to plate in their 6 - 5 victory.
It was a fitting inning for a game that featured a combined six errors, two hit batters and four runs walked in.
After Duncan homered to lead off the seventh, Cleveland's Lonnie Chisenhall reached on what would be a costly error by Minnesota first baseman Chris Parmalee. After fielding a grounder, Parmalee threw wide to Pavano at first and Chisenhall was safe.
The Twins quickly got the next two outs, but Cleveland took advantage of the extra out and loaded the bases. Minnesota relievers Jose Mijares and Alex Burnett each walked in a run, allowing Cleveland to tie the game at 3.
Cleveland's Jim Thome--who spent all of 2010 and much of 2011 with the Twins--gave Cleveland a 4 - 3 lead with a broken bat single that didn't leave the infield.
Batting for the second time in the inning, Duncan hit a line drive that hit the left-field wall to drive in two runs and give Cleveland a 6 - 3 lead.
For Duncan, the key was getting a few looks at Pavano.
The big inning also got Justin Masterson (12 - 10) the victory in a game that was played in an on-and-off drizzle.
Masterson pitched six innings, giving up three runs--one earned--on seven hits. Chris Perez pitched a scoreless ninth for his 34th save in 38 chances.
The win allowed the Indians to secure their first three - game sweep since mid-June. In addition, Cleveland moved back to.500 on the season (75 - 75) and closer to the franchise's first winning season since 2007.
"It was a good bounceback series after being swept in Texas."
Pavano (8 - 13) lost despite being sharp for six - plus innings. He gave up four runs, though only one was earned.
The Twins, who started a lineup that featured only one opening-day starter, scored twice in the bottom of the eighth to cut Cleveland's lead to 6 - 5. After hitting Matt Tolbert with a pitch to load the bases, Cleveland reliever Vinnie Pestano walked in two runs.
Hughes scored his third run of the game in the sixth to give Minnesota a 3 - 0 lead on Brian Dinkelman's single. Dinkelman finished with his first career four - hit game.
In the second, Hughes scored on Joe Benson's groundout. In the bottom of the fourth, he scored again, this time when Lou Marson threw ball into center field in an attempt to throw out Benson on an attempted steal.
Minnesota's Jason Repko left the game after being hit in the head by a pitch from Masterson in the bottom of the sixth. Repko walked off of field with assistance and was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center for evaluation, but was back in the Twins clubhouse after the game.