PHILADELPHIA (AP)--The potent Phillies offense is struggling right now and their manager isn't sure why.
Not exactly what one might expect from a division leader heading into the stretch run.
While the Phillies have scored the second-most runs in the National League, they were shut out for the second straight day, this time a 2 - 0 loss in 12 innings to the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night. Philadelphia watched its NL East lead shrink to one game over the New York Mets, who beat the Florida Marlins 3 - 0.
The Phillies have gone 23 innings without scoring a run, and were last blanked in back-to-back games on Sept. 11 - 12, 1999, in Arizona. They've been held to two runs or fewer in 30 games this season, as opposed to 25 all of last season.
Ryan Doumit started the 12th with a double off Phillies reliever Les Walrond (0 - 1). One out later, Pearce smacked a ball past third baseman Eric Bruntlett and down the left-field line, allowing Doumit to trot home for a 1 - 0 lead. A two - out, bases-loaded infield single by Freddy Sanchez gave the Pirates a little extra cushion.
T. J. Beam (1 - 1) pitched two scoreless innings of relief for Pittsburgh, and Craig Hansen tossed the 12th for his third save of the season and first since he was traded from the Boston Red Sox in the three - team Manny Ramirez deal on July 31.
Hansen got some help from Brandon Moss, who made a diving grab in left-center on Chase Utley's fly ball with runners on first and second and one out. Moss threw to Sanchez covering second to try to double up Jimmy Rollins, but he made it back safely. Sanchez then spun and threw to first and doubled up Shane Victorino, who thought the ball had fallen in safely, to end the game.
Though neither starting pitcher factored in the decision, Philadelphia's Joe Blanton and Pittsburgh's Paul Maholm controlled the game for the first seven innings.
Acquired by the Phillies last month in a trade with Oakland, Blanton allowed just one hit--a leadoff single by Doug Mientkiewicz in the fourth. Blanton walked two, tied a season-high with seven strikeouts and didn't allow a Pirates runner past first base.
Maholm scattered five hits, walked three, and struck out a career-high 10, including five straight between the fifth and seventh innings.
Pat Burrell nearly broke the deadlock in the eighth, but his two - out fly ball to left was caught at the fence by Moss on a night where the wind was blowing in from left field.