SAN FRANCISCO--Chris Shaw is still looking for his first big league hit. However, he already has a game-deciding RBI to savor in his 24-hour-old MLB career.
Shaw and fellow Giants debutante Aramis Garcia drove in the game's first two runs, and rookie left-hander Andrew Suarez outdueled Zack Wheeler as San Francisco beat the New York Mets 7 - 0 on Friday night.
Shaw, an outfielder called up earlier in the day to replace the traded Andrew McCutchen, lofted a sacrifice fly to center in the seventh inning to break a scoreless tie. Shaw had struck out on six pitches in his previous two at-bats.
Garcia, a catcher also making his first major league appearance, homered leading off the eighth for the Giants' second run and then capped the Giants' six - run inning with an RBI single. Like Shaw, he had struck out in his first two big league at-bats.
After giving up a first-inning double to Jeff McNeil, Suarez (6 - 9) retired 17 straight batters until hitting McNeil with a pitch leading off the seventh. He then gave up a bloop single to Austin Jackson, but worked out of the jam by getting Jay Bruce to hit into an inning-ending double play.
Suarez allowed two hits in seven innings, striking out five out and walking none, despite dealing with a headache starting in the first inning. Tony Watson worked the eighth and Ty Blach pitched the ninth to complete the three - hitter.
Wheeler (9 - 7) was almost as good, striking out nine and walking none while allowing four hits and one run over seven innings. It was his first loss since June 22--he had won seven straight decisions. He allowed five earned runs in six August starts.
Garcia's homer came off Robert Gsellman. Brandon Belt added a two - run triple later in the inning off Daniel Zamora, and Austin Slater, Gorkys Hernandez and Garcia followed with RBI singles off Drew Smith.
The debuts of Shaw and Garcia marked the first time two position players had made their first big league appearance in the same game for the Giants since first baseman Will Clark and second baseman Robby Thompson debuted on April 8, 1986, at Houston.