WASHINGTON--Stephen Strasburg downplayed any notion that starting pitchers on the same team attempt to top each other. On the mound one day after Max Scherzer overwhelmed the San Diego Padres, Strasburg did just that.
The right-hander dominated San Diego with a career-high 15 strikeouts while allowing three hits over seven innings as the Washington Nationals beat the Padres 3 - 0 on Saturday.
Strasburg (6 - 1) singled and scored Washington's first run on Bryce Harper's RBI fielder's choice grounder in the third inning. Michael A. Taylor hit a two - run homer for the second consecutive game.
San Diego's lineup offered little resistance against Strasburg the day after Scherzer struck out 13 in Washington's 5 - 1 win.
"Piece of cake, huh,?" cracked Chris Speier, who is serving as acting manager while Dusty Baker is away this weekend to attend his son Darren's high school graduation in California.
In the two losses, San Diego had six hits and struck out 31 times (17 on Saturday).
With four pitches working, Strasburg struck out the side in the third and sixth and had at least two strikeouts in each of the first six innings. His single matched the Padres' hit total through five innings.
Strasburg previously struck out 14 batters in a game twice, including his Major League debut on June 8, 2010. He set a personal best by setting down Franchy Cordero in the seventh.
The San Diego native is 6 - 1 with a 2.93 ERA in his career against his hometown team.
Matt Albers pitched the eighth and Koda Glover the ninth for his fifth save.
Padres starter Clayton Richard (3 - 6) followed up his complete-game victory over the Diamondbacks on May 21 by allowing three runs and 10 hits in six innings.
One out after Anthony Rendon's leadoff single in the sixth, Taylor drove a pitch over the wall in center field for his fourth homer of the season.
"You stay in a one - run game, momentum's different," a frustrated Richard stated. "We have a different attitude, it changes a lot of things."
Washington has won two straight and five of six.
San Diego is 5 - 13 since May 9.
San Diego loaded the bases with one out in the first on a single, a throwing error by first baseman Ryan Zimmerman, and Cory Spangenberg's four - pitch walk. Strasburg ended the threat by striking out Austin Hedges on three pitches.
The Padres had two singles in the sixth, but Strasburg recorded strikeouts for the final two outs.