CLEVELAND--Corey Kluber looked and acted like he always does after a game, stoic and sedate.
Same steady guy.
This time, though, he was a winner.
Kluber shut down Houston for 6 2/3 innings and got his first win since May 28, leading the Cleveland Indians to a 2 - 0 victory over the Astros on Tuesday night.
Despite pitching well enough to win, Kluber (4 - 9) went 0 - 4 with two no-decisions in his previous six starts. But the defending AL Cy Young winner was on his game against the Astros, who managed just five singles and only got one runner to reach third base.
Zach McAllister finished the seventh, worked the eighth and Bryan Shaw, filling in for closer Cody Allen, finished up for his second save.
Michael Brantley homered in the sixth off Astros rookie Vince Velasquez (0 - 1) as the Indians snapped a three - game losing streak.
Velasquez was the pitcher of record for the first time in his sixth career start. He joins Hideo Nomo (1995), Marc Valdez (1995 - 96) and Chris Brock (1997) as the only pitchers in history to begin their careers with five starts without a decision.
The right-hander allowed only six hits in 6 1/3 innings and struck out five, but didn't get any help from Houston's offense.
Kluber knows how that feels. The right-hander came in receiving the second-lowest run support average (2.43 runs) in the majors, but did all he could to make the two runs he got on Tuesday stand up.
Kluber also received a major boost from his defense in the sixth while clinging to a 1 - 0 lead. First, center fielder Michael Bourn raced into the gap in right-center to make a lunging catch on Preston Tucker's liner. Then, rookie shortstop Francisco Lindor made a spinning stop on a hard grounder before throwing to first where Carlos Santana picked the ball to nip Carlos Correa at first.
With seven strikeouts, Kluber (148) moved past White Sox ace Chris Sale (147) for the major-league lead.
Looking for a spark, Francona shuffled his lineup, dropping struggling Carlos Santana into the No. 7 hole for the first time this season. Santana got two hits.
But it was David Murphy's two - out RBI double that gave Cleveland a 1 - 0 lead in the first. Brantley singled and scored all the way from first when Murphy pulled a pitch from Velasquez over the right fielder Tucker's head.
It was Kluber's first lead at home since May 23, and Brantley doubled it in the sixth by drilling a first pitch from Velasquez into the right-field seats for fifth homer and first since May 14.