CLEVELAND (AP)--The Cleveland Indians might have expected a little better return on their investment in Fausto Carmona.
Two nights after signing a four - year, $15 million contract, the Indians' right-hander walked a career-high eight over 3 1/3 innings in a 7 - 3 loss to the Oakland Athletics.
Bobby Crosby hit a three - run homer off reliever Rafael Perez for the Athletics, who took advantage of 10 walks overall and won their fifth in a row.
The A's refrained from swinging at Carmona's sharp sinker, which kept darting out of the strike zone.
Lenny DiNardo (1 - 0), starting in place of injured Rich Harden, gave up two runs on six hits over five - plus innings for his first win since last Aug. 19. The soft-tossing left-hander struck out two without issuing a walk, leaving with two on in the sixth.
Harden is eligible to come off the 15-day disabled list April 18. He is sidelined by a strained right shoulder.
A year ago, Carmona and left-hander C. C. Sabathia each won 19 games to help Cleveland win the AL Central. But one night after Sabathia was pounded for nine runs and 12 hits in only 3 1/3 innings, Carmona became the first Cleveland starter to walk eight in a game since Bob Ojeda did it in six innings against the New York Yankees on Aug. 26, 1993.
Carmona got double plays after walks in the second and third innings, but his luck didn't continue. With two out in the third, he walked Travis Buck, who went to third on a double by Mark Ellis. Both scored on Daric Barton's line single to left to make it 2 - 0.
Franklin Gutierrez broke a 1 - for - 23 slump with a double to open the bottom half, advanced on a groundout and scored on another to make it 2 - 1.
Carmona came apart in the fourth, walking four of the five men he faced. Jensen Lewis came on, struck out Buck and got Ellis to pop to second to preserve a 3 - 1 lead.
Pinch-hitter David Dellucci's bases-loaded walk off reliever Joey Devine pulled Cleveland within 3 - 2 in sixth.
But Perez walked Barton to open the seventh, yielded a single to Mike Sweeney and an RBI single to pinch-hitter Emil Brown before Crosby connected for his first homer and a 7 - 2 lead.
Grady Sizemore's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 7 - 3.