BOSTON--It was an unexpected night from Minnesota's usually anemic offense.
Pedro Florimon had a solo homer and a two - run double in the Twins' season-high, seven - run second inning that carried them to a 15 - 8 rout of the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night.
Entering the day with the American League's second-fewest hits and third-fewest runs, the Twins didn't have any pregame batting practice due to showers at Fenway Park. Then they went out and compiled a season high in runs and hits (20).
"We'll be asking for a little BP rain tomorrow," joked Twins manager Ron Gardenhire. "It was a crazy night. The ball was flying early. Both pitchers, their young guy, we didn't let him breathe, and they did that to our pitcher, too."
Ryan Doumit had a two - run homer, Oswald Arcia went 4 - for - 5 with three singles and a double, and Trevor Plouffe drove in three of the Twins' runs.
Florimon had a career-best three RBIs.
David Ortiz went 0 - for - 5 with two strikeouts and three groundouts to snap his 27-game hitting streak, dating to last season. Ortiz had hit safely in his first 15 games this season, giving him Boston's longest streak since Manny Ramirez also hit in 27 straight in 2006.
Jonny Gomes hit his fourth career grand slam--first with the Red Sox--and drove in five runs. Shane Victorino added a solo homer for Boston, which lost for the fifth time in six games.
In the first two innings, the teams combined for 17 runs and 10 extra-base hits, chasing both starting pitchers as the Twins held an 11 - 6 edge after posting their big second.
Ryan Pressly (1 - 0) pitched four shutout innings of relief for his first major league win.
Pressly was once part of Boston's organization.
Boston's Allen Webster (0 - 1), making his second career start, gave up eight runs, six hits and walked three while getting only five outs.
Twins starter Pedro Hernandez faired just a little better, allowing six runs and seven hits in two innings of his fifth career start.
Hernandez said a 38-year old cousin died two days ago and the funeral was Wednesday.
Trailing 5 - 4 in the second, Minnesota sent 11 batters to the plate and had its biggest inning of the season. Florimon tied it with a leadoff homer into the seats above the Green Monster. Justin Morneau's sacrifice fly pushed the Twins ahead, before Plouffe's RBI double chased Webster. Aaron Hicks then had a two - run single off Felix Doubront and Florimon followed with his two - run double, making it 11 - 5.
That was all the offense the Twins needed.
Victorino's homer into the left-field seats cut it to 11 - 6 in the bottom of the second.
Minnesota added a run in the fourth on Florimon's double-play grounder. Plouffe delivered a run-scoring single and Arcia collected his fourth hit of the game in the fifth--an RBI double--to make it 14 - 6.
The Twins had grabbed a 4 - 0 lead in the first. After Webster fanned Jamey Carroll to start the game, he walked the next two before Morneau's RBI double. Plouffe followed with a sacrifice fly before Doumit homered into Boston's bullpen.
Boston responded by taking the lead with five runs after two outs in the bottom of the inning. Gomes belted his slam completely out of Fenway over the Monster after the Red Sox loaded the bases with a pair of singles and a walk. Stephen Drew's RBI single made it 5 - 4.