TORONTO--Dustin Fowler couldn't decide which felt better, his first career home run or a tiebreaking hit that led to a win.
Fowler hit his first career homer and added an RBI double in the seventh inning, Josh Phegley doubled home a run in his season debut, and the Oakland Athletics beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Friday night.
In his eighth game since being promoted form Triple-A, Fowler went 2 for 3 with a walk.
Fowler, one of three players acquired from the New York Yankees last July for pitcher Sonny Gray, hit a leadoff blast to left off Marco Estrada in the third.
His two - out double in the seventh put Oakland in front to stay.
So, which hit was better?
Danny Coulombe (1 - 1) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the victory as Oakland won for the fourth time in five games. The Athletics have won back-to-back games in Toronto after losing their previous six there. It's the first time they've won consecutive games in Canada since Aug. 11 - 12, 2013.
Estrada (2 - 4) allowed three runs in 6 2/3 innings to lose his third straight decision as the slumping Blue Jays lost for the 10th time in 13 home games.
For the second straight game, an injury forced Oakland to make an early call to the bullpen. Left-hander Brett Anderson lasted one inning before leaving because of a strained shoulder.
On Thursday, right-hander Andrew Triggs left after 2 1/3 innings because of nerve irritation in his hand and arm.
Josh Lucas, one of two right-handers recalled from Triple-A before the game, replaced Anderson and struck out five of the first six batters he faced. Lucas allowed one run and two hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Lucas and fellow newcomer Emilio Pagan barely made it to the ballpark for first pitch after getting stuck in heavy traffic on their way downtown after arriving at the airport.
Chris Hatcher worked the seventh, Yusmeiro Petit got two outs in the eighth, and Blake Treinen finished for his ninth save in 11 opportunities.
The Blue Jays got two hits off Anderson in the first, but the inning ended when left fielder Matt Joyce threw out Curtis Granderson at home plate.
Toronto tied it on an RBI single by Gio Urshela in the fifth, but Oakland chased Estrada with three straight two - out doubles in the seventh, including run-scoring hits by Fowler and Phegley.
All seven hits off Estrada were for extra bases--six doubles and Fowler's homer.