OAKLAND, Calif.--Jeremy Hellickson had been waiting nearly a year to find his rhythm on the mound again. Seven months after elbow surgery, he delivered on a day Tampa Bay needed a nice lift.
Kevin Kiermaier hit a two - run homer to help Hellickson end a six - start winless stretch and earn his first victory in 11 months, and the Rays beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 3 and avoided a sweep Wednesday.
Hellickson's fastball hit the mark, and he complemented it with an effective changeup.
A bit of a relief?
Hellickson (1 - 1) allowed two hits and one run in seven innings, struck out three and walked none. He hadn't reached five innings in any of his previous three starts this year or in five outings dating to the end of the 2013 season. The 2011 AL Rookie of the Year returned late the past month following rehab for the January elbow operation.
The Rays handed reigning AL Pitcher of the Month Sonny Gray (12 - 5) his second straight defeat after a 5 - 0 July in which he had a 1.03 ERA. This is the second time Gray has lost consecutive outings in his first full major league season. The previous pair of losses were to Baltimore and the Yankees on June 7 and 13.
Kiermaier's first-pitch homer in the fourth was just the ninth surrendered this year by Gray, who came into Wednesday with a 1 - 0 record and 0.61 ERA in two career starts against the Rays.
Hellickson retired the first nine A's hitters before Coco Crisp's leadoff single in the fourth. Then the right-hander recorded seven more outs in a row.
Eric Sogard broke that up with a sixth-inning homer, which snapped a career-high 110-game homerless streak dating to July 21, 2013. Josh Reddick added a two - run double in the ninth off former A's closer Grant Balfour.
Gray plunked Kiermaier in the fifth to load the bases, and Desmond Jennings followed with a two - run single to chase the right-hander after a season-low 4 1/3 innings. Jesse Chavez, who moved to the bullpen after the past week's Jon Lester trade, worked 3 2/3 innings.