Uribe snapped out of a long slump with a homer and four RBIs, Chris Capuano pitched seven solid innings against his former team, and the Los Angeles Dodgers defeated the staggering New York Mets 8 - 5 on Saturday.
Uribe hit an early two - run double to end a 1 - for - 38 slide. He added a two - run homer in the ninth inning off 13-game winner R. A. Dickey, making his first relief appearance since April 2011 to help an overtaxed Mets bullpen.
Matt Treanor also stopped a slump with a run-scoring hit, and the Dodgers won their third straight following a 1 - 7 skid. Matt Kemp had an RBI triple and Capuano (10 - 5) struck out nine for his first victory in seven career starts against the Mets.
Los Angeles chased 41-year-old spot starter Miguel Batista (1 - 3) after three innings, getting into baseball's worst bullpen early for the second consecutive game. Both times, the Dodgers built a comfortable cushion and held on at the end.
Ronny Cedeno homered for the Mets (47 - 47), who have lost eight of nine to fall back to.500 for the first time since they were 13 - 13 after play on May 4. Before the game, they put struggling ace Johan Santana on the 15-day disabled list with a sprained right ankle, a move also meant to recharge his surgically repaired left shoulder.
Capuano went 11 - 12 with a 4.55 ERA for New York last season, proving he was healthy enough to warrant a $10 million, two - year contract from the Dodgers. He came in 0 - 5 with a 5.86 ERA against the Mets, but held them to three runs on eight hits and a walk.
Pinch-hitter Daniel Murphy delivered an RBI triple in the eighth off Ronald Belisario and scored on a groundout by pinch-hitter Kirk Nieuwenhuis to cut New York's deficit to 6 - 5.
James Loney singled with two outs in the ninth off Dickey, and Uribe drove a knuckleball to left for his second home run this season. He came off the disabled list June 11 after missing 28 games with a strained left wrist.
Dickey threw 111 pitches over 7 1/3 innings Thursday in Washington to improve to 13 - 1. Mets manager Terry Collins said Friday night he might use Dickey in relief late Saturday, his regular throw day between starts.
Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen walked two in the ninth before striking out Scott Hairston for his 18th save.
Batista, who pitched in relief Wednesday, took Dillon Gee's turn and made his fifth start of the season. Gee had surgery last week to patch an artery in his pitching shoulder after a blood clot had formed there.
Working from the stretch even with the bases empty, Batista walked three batters in the first inning and gave up an RBI single to Loney.
Uribe, who began the day batting.186, hit a two - run double to right on a 1 - 2 pitch with two outs in the third. He also walked twice, and scored three runs for the first time since May 29, 2010.
Luis Cruz added a run-scoring single to make it 4 - 0.
Batista was pulled for a pinch hitter after throwing 81 pitches through three innings.
It marked the second consecutive game in which the Mets' starter never even came to bat. Santana was yanked after three innings and 72 pitches Friday night. He allowed six runs and seven hits in a 7 - 6 loss, dropping to 0 - 3 with a 13.50 ERA in his past three outings--the worst stretch of his career.
Treanor snapped an 0 - for - 23 drought with a two - out RBI double in the fifth off Jeremy Hefner that extended the lead to 6 - 2.