PITTSBURGH--Trevor Williams embraced being penciled in against Jacob deGrom on Saturday after pitching opposite Corey Kluber in his last start. Then, as he did on Monday, Williams outdueled one of the better pitchers in the major leagues.
Williams frustrated the New York Mets through six innings, and the Pittsburgh Pirates got to deGrom late in a 5 - 0 win.
After shutting out the Cleveland Indians in seven innings of a rain-shortened 7 - 0 win on Monday, Williams (9 - 7) allowed five hits in six innings with five strikeouts and three walks on Saturday. He hasn't allowed a run in 17 straight innings since he surrendered three in the third inning of a 17 - 5 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies on July 6.
Williams has started six of Pittsburgh's 12 shutouts this season. The Pirates have won 13 of their past 15 games, while the Mets have lost two straight after winning their previous three games.
Pittsburgh's first run came after deGrom (5 - 6) began the sixth inning with two strikeouts. Gregory Polanco singled down the right-field line before stealing second. Colin Moran singled to right, scoring Polanco.
David Freese, who had five RBI in a 5 - 4 win Friday, pinch-hit in the seventh, grounding out but scoring Jordan Luplow from third. Adam Frazier followed with a double to right, driving in Jordy Mercer from second to make it 3 - 0.
Moran drove in Polanco again with a single up the middle in the eighth, extending it to 4 - 0. Polanco was 3 for 4 with two doubles; Moran was 2 for 4 with two RBI.
Francisco Cervelli made it 5 - 0 later in the eighth with a single that scored Luplow.
Williams got out of trouble in consecutive innings, first when he got Devin Mesoraco to ground into a double play with one out and the bases loaded in the fourth. An inning later, he struck out Brandon Nimmo and forced Wilmer Flores to pop up to third, stranding runners on first and second.
deGrom lost for the fourth time since June 28, when he last won a start. He allowed three runs on eight hits, his most surrendered this season, with five strikeouts in seven innings.