TORONTO--The way Roy Halladay sees it, he expects he will still be pitching for the Toronto Blue Jays when the trade deadline passes.
If Friday night's game was his last with Toronto he gave the crowd of 24,151 one more solid effort, going nine innings before Tampa Bay scored twice in 10th for a 4 - 2 victory.
Baseball's non-waiver trade deadline is July 31 but Blue Jays general manager J. P. Ricciardi has set a loose deadline of July 28 to work out a deal. Halladay's next scheduled start is July 29 at Seattle.
With trade rumors swirling, both Ricciardi and interim CEO Paul Beeston declined comment when approached before the game.
Beeston wanted to keep a lid on things after Ricciardi said Thursday that Halladay's desire to test free agency was the team's primary reason for seeking a trade. Halladay, who has a full no-trade clause, can become a free agent after the 2010 season.
With one out in the 10th, B. J. Upton of the Rays reached on a fielder's choice and went to second when Carl Crawford walked. Longoria followed with a double off Scott Downs (1 - 2) that dropped just in front of left fielder Joe Inglett.
Matt Garza (7 - 7) won for the first time in four starts by allowing two runs and five hits in nine innings, his longest outing this season. The righty, who walked none and struck out nine, is 3 - 2 with a 1.16 ERA in five starts at Rogers Centre.
J. P. Howell closed it out for his 11th save in 16 chances.
Halladay allowed two runs, one earned, and four hits. He walked three and struck out 10, the eighth 10-strikeout game of his career. He's 0 - 2 in three starts against the Rays this season.
Halladay got his first standing ovation of the night before the game started, with fans rising to applaud as he walked in from the bullpen.
After being on the receiving end of Chicago's Mark Buehrle's perfect game Thursday, Crawford made sure the Rays would not go without a baserunner for the second straight day by singling up the middle in the first.
Consecutive sacrifice flies by Crawford and Longoria gave the Rays a 2 - 0 lead in the third but Toronto answered with a two - out rally in the bottom half. Marco Scutaro singled home Alex Rios and scored on Aaron Hill's double to center.