PITTSBURGH--Johnny Cueto was disappointed he failed to become the Cincinnati Reds' first 20-game winner in 24 years.
A late comeback guaranteed a pretty good consolation prize: home-field advantage for his team's first playoff series.
Pinch-hitter Xavier Paul led off the ninth with a tying home run and Zack Cozart had a go-head double for the Reds, who clinched at least the NL's No. 2 seed with a 4 - 3 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sunday.
The Reds pulled into a tie with Washington for best record in the NL at 96 - 63 after the Nationals lost to St. Louis.
Cueto pitched effectively but failed in his attempt to become the Reds' first 20-game winner since Danny Jackson in 1988. Cueto allowed three runs--one earned--on six hits in seven innings.
The presumed starter for Game 1 of the NL division series, Cueto was pulled after throwing 98 pitches.
Pittsburgh ensured it'd finish with a record 20th straight losing season with the defeat, extending its major North American professional sports record.
The Pirates were 16 games over.500 on Aug. 6 but have lost 18 of 23 to fall to 77 - 82.
Paul and Ryan Ludwick were on a last season's Pittsburgh team that was in first place on July 25 but finished the season on a 19 - 43 slide.
Paul entered the game with four career home runs over parts of four seasons, and Ludwick had only one at bat in the previous 10 days because of left groin soreness. He was scratched from the lineup due to wet field conditions on a day in which it rained throughout the first four innings.
Paul homered to lead off the ninth. With two outs, Ludwick doubled. Pinch-runner Denis Phipps scored on Cozart's hit.
Pittsburgh still had its chance. Aroldis Chapman walked Jose Tabata to lead off the bottom of the ninth, but Tabata was thrown out at third trying to advance after Chapman's throwing error on a pickoff attempt.
Chapman then walked Clint Barmes and allowed a single to Rod Barajas before striking out Michael McKenry and Starling Marte to end the game and earn his 37th save.
Joey Votto went 2 for 4 with an RBI double for the Reds, who have won four of six to improve to 96 - 63.
Speier said that Dusty Baker would join the team later Sunday in St. Louis and resume his managerial duties Monday in the series against the Cardinals. Baker has missed 11 games after having a mini-stroke.
Wandy Rodriguez allowed two runs in six innings for the Pirates, who beat the Reds on Saturday but could not win consecutive games for the first time since Sept. 4 - 5.
Rodriguez finished his season 5 - 4 with a 3.72 ERA in 13 games (12 starts) with Pittsburgh since being acquired in a July 24 trade with Houston.
That also was the previous time the Pirates won a series, but things were looking good for fans at PNC Park on Fan Appreciation Day with Hanrahan taking the mound having converted his previous 16 save opportunities. Hanrahan (5 - 2) had allowed four earned runs in 33 prior appearances at home this season.
The Reds scored twice in the second inning on Votto's ground-rule double and Todd Frazier's groundout. Jones' 26th home run, a two - run shot in the bottom half, tied it.
Cincinnati's Sam LeCure and Sean Marshall (5 - 5) combined to pitch a scoreless eighth.