ATLANTA--The Atlanta Braves have climbed back into a position they once knew so well: playoff contender.
Tommy Hanson is a big part of their resurgence.
The rookie right-hander struck out nine in 6 2/3 innings to lead Atlanta past the Nationals 8 - 1 on Tuesday night, snapping Washington's eight - game winning streak.
The Braves have won four straight, six of seven and 16 of 25 since the All-Star break, a stretch that has made them a factor in the NL playoff race. Atlanta started the sweltering night 4 1/2 games behind East-leading Philadelphia, which visits Turner Field this weekend.
Hanson (7 - 2) had his second-most strikeouts since being called up from Triple-A in early June, surpassed only by an 11-strikeout effort against San Francisco on July 20. He allowed seven hits and didn't walk anyone.
Hanson needed 28 pitches to get through the first inning, when speedy Nyjer Morgan set up Washington's only run with the first of two stolen bases.
His teammates are definitely impressed. Hanson has become a key member of one of baseball's best rotations, fitting right in among Jair Jurrjens, Javier Vazquez and Derek Lowe.
Chipper Jones, back in the Atlanta lineup after missing three straight games with a strained oblique muscle, hit a mammoth homer that reached the second section of seats in right field.
The Nationals' eight straight wins were the second-longest streak since the franchise moved to Washington four years ago, surpassed only by a 10-game run in June 2005.
With the game tied 1 - 1, Morgan singled, stole second and tried to swipe third, appearing to get his hand on the bag ahead of Jones' tag. But umpire Larry Vanover called him out.
The Nationals were especially enraged when Cristian Guzman followed with a single--stretching his hitting streak to 16 games but failing to produce a run. Hitting coach Rick Eckstein began yelling from the dugout and was ejected. He charged onto the field to carry on the argument and had to be restrained by manager Jim Riggleman.
After that brouhaha, the Braves pulled ahead for good in the bottom half against John Lannan (8 - 9). Martin Prado doubled in a run and wound up scoring when left fielder Josh Willingham bobbled the ball after fielding Jones' single.
Atlanta broke it open with a three - run fifth that knocked out Lannan. Church picked up an RBI with a ground-rule double, then Brian McCann and Yunel Escobar came through with two - out, run-scoring hits.
Lannan went 4 2/3 innings, giving up six hits and six runs (five earned). He walked four and struck out one.