PHOENIX--Chris Snyder thought the ball was going out, only to see left fielder Chris Coghlan pull it back from the crowd.
On his next swing, just an inning later, Snyder made sure Coghlan couldn't reach it.
Snyder hit a two - run homer over Arizona's bullpen in the sixth inning and Stephen Drew sparked the offense from the top of the order, lifting the Diamondbacks to a bizarre 5 - 4 win over the Florida Marlins on Saturday night.
Mark Reynolds hit his 20th homer, Ian Kennedy (4 - 7) ended a five - game losing streak and Drew scored two runs after early walks by Nate Robertson (6 - 7) as Arizona earned its second win in eight games.
Prized rookie Mike Stanton did his best to keep Florida in the game, hitting a solo drive over the pool in right-center in the fifth. He also doubled in the ninth to set up Ronny Paulino's two - run single off Chad Qualls that cut it to 5 - 4.
Juan Gutierrez then closed it out, getting a popup and a double play for his second save in four chances.
Two middling teams facing each other in front of a small crowd in the air conditioning didn't figure to be all that thrilling.
Turned out to be a sometimes-strange game that included colliding infielders, a ball bounding from one fielder to another and the home team's closer getting booed off the field.
The theme was a portend of the bizarreness to come:' 80s day at Chase Field for two teams that didn't exist until the' 90s.
Wang Chung, Wham! and Nena videos replaced the usual mix of rock, rap and country during batting practice.
A pregame parade included the "A Team" with a scrawny Mr. T, the "Ghostbusters" ambulance and a Delorean driven by a linebacker-looking guy who was supposed be Marty McFly from "Back to the Future."
Diamondbacks players had whacky wigs superimposed on their heads or their faces on album covers on the video screen during at-bats, while Pacman sound effects played on strikeouts, Frogger noises on walks.
The fans even got into it, breaking into the seldom-seen-anymore wave in the bottom of the sixth inning just before Darth Vader and a group of Stormtroopers began wandering the aisles.
The game, at times, matched the peripheral peculiarity.
Arizona had a rare 5 - 6 - 6 putout in the fourth inning, when Cody Ross' liner bounded out of Reynolds' glove right to Drew at shortstop.
Florida first baseman Gaby Sanchez and second baseman Dan Uggla botched a popup in the fifth inning when they collided, but still got the forceout at second.
An inning earlier, Coghlan did a retro impression of Ken Griffey Jr., leaping to haul in Snyder's drive just over the wall. Of course, the next homer came from Snyder, who made sure Coghlan had no chance with a shot to left that gave the Diamondbacks a 5 - 2 lead.
The drama wasn't quite over.
Qualls came in for the ninth in Arizona's first save opportunity since June 30 and promptly bobbled Ross' chopper off the plate for an error. Stanton doubled to start the booing and Paulino followed with his single, leading to louder jeers.
After initially hesitating, Gibson eventually came out to get Qualls, a move that drew cheers but turned to a chorus of boos as the right-hander walked off.
Gutierrez made sure the mayhem ended there, getting pinch-hitter Wes Helms to pop out and Coghlan on a game-ending double play to give the struggling Diamondbacks a much-needed win.