KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)--Brian Bannister had a plan against the Minnesota Twins and Francisco Liriano, and it worked out perfectly.
As a result, the Kansas City Royals snapped a three - game losing streak on a frigid Sunday afternoon with a 5 - 1 victory over the Twins and Liriano, who was making his first major league appearance in 17 months.
Performing almost as briskly as the stiff breeze that dropped the wind chill to 29 degrees at game time, Bannister pitched the second complete game of his career, giving up only one walk and one unearned run. He struck out three.
Liriano (0 - 1), an All-Star as a rookie sensation in 2006 before undergoing Tommy John surgery, gave up six hits, walked five and struck out four. Just as Bannister predicted, the big left-hander tired. Nevertheless, his 4 2/3 innings made for an encouraging day.
Liriano threw 90 pitches, 51 for strikes. He admitted to a few butterflies.
Bannister, in three starts covering 21 innings, has allowed only two earned runs for an ERA of 0.86.
The only run he allowed was unearned. Jose Guillen dropped Brendan Harris' deep fly to right in the first inning, and two batters later Harris scored from second on Justin Morneau's single.
"He's going to be a good pitcher again. We were just trying to take advantage of the fact we knew he was going to get tired in the third or fourth inning."
Liriano, who was 11 - 3 with a 1.92 ERA in 16 starts as a rookie, underwent ligament replacement surgery in his left elbow on Nov. 6, 2006, and sat out the' 07 season. In five starts in the spring, he was 2 - 2 with a 4.02 ERA.
Billy Butler, stretching his hitting streak to 12 games, tied it 1-all with an RBI single in the first inning, snapping a 26-inning scoreless streak for the Royals. Miguel Olivo's double made it 2 - 1 in the second.
Alex Gordon had a solo home run in the seventh off Juan Rincon and doubled in the fourth, scoring on Tony Pena Jr.'s sacrifice fly after stealing third.
After a walk and Joey Gathright's single, Esteban German's RBI single made it 4 - 1 in the fourth.