ARLINGTON, Texas--Roy Oswalt looked right at home in his debut with the Texas Rangers.
Making his first major league start in more than eight months, Oswalt pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Rangers won their seventh straight game, beating the slumping Colorado Rockies 4 - 1 on Friday night.
Oswalt, who pitched more than 10 years in the National League with Houston and Philadelphia, made four minor league starts after signing with the Rangers on May 29.
The 34-year-old Oswalt won his 160th career game and his first since beating Atlanta on Sept. 27. He allowed nine hits and one run in 6 2/3 innings.
Oswalt last pitched in the majors Oct. 5--a Game 4 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals in the NL Division Series.
The Rockies probably felt the time off hadn't hurt Oswalt. The right-hander improved to 9 - 2 lifetime against Colorado with a 1.89 ERA, his best mark against any of the 16 teams he's faced more than three times.
Adrian Beltre and Mike Napoli homered for Texas, which improved to a major-league best 13 - 3 in interleague play.
Christian Friedrich (4 - 4) allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies, who have lost 13 of 15.
Oswalt, who struck out six and walked one, was sharp from the start. His fastball was clocked in the low 90s and he showed off his slow curveball that confused Colorado hitters most of the game.
The Rockies didn't muster much against Oswalt until breaking through in the seventh.
Dexter Fowler tripled with two outs and Texas pitching coach Mike Maddux made a trip to the mound to check on Oswalt. Marco Scutaro lined a double to right to force the right-hander out of the game.
Oswalt, who was shaking his head as he walked to the dugout, left to a standing ovation. Robbie Ross relieved Oswalt and retired Carlos Gonzalez on a grounder to end the seventh.
Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 16th save in 17 chances. This is the Rangers' longest winning streak since taking eight straight April 12 - 21.
Wilin Rosario had three hits for the Rockies, who dropped to 1 - 12 in interleague play.
The Rockies left 10 men on base in the game and hit into double plays in the seventh and eighth.
Beltre hit a two - run homer in the first that just cleared the fence in right. It was his 13th of the season.
Nelson Cruz had an RBI double before Napoli lined his 12th home run of the season to right to make it 4 - 0 in the fourth.
Texas catcher Yorvit Torrealba was thrown out by left fielder Gonzalez at home plate in the second trying to score on Craig Gentry's single. It was one of four outs the Rangers made on the bases.