WASHINGTON--Craig Kimbrel had converted 37 consecutive save chances since early May. Andrelton Simmons began the day with the second-best fielding percentage among National League shortstops.
Both faltered in the ninth inning on Tuesday, when the Washington Nationals overcame a two - run deficit to beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 in the makeup of a series opener postponed by a shooting rampage a day earlier at the nearby Navy Yard.
Simmons allowed Denard Span's grounder off Kimbrel to bounce through his legs as two runs scored on the game-ending error.
Pinch-hitter Chad Tracy had an RBI grounder against Kimbrel as Washington kept Atlanta's magic number at four for clinching the NL East for the first time since the Braves' streak of 11 consecutive division titles from 1995 - 05. A sweep of the day-night doubleheader would have sealed the division for Atlanta.
Washington closed within 4½ games of Cincinnati for the NL's second wild-card berth with 12 games remaining.
Kimbrel (3 - 3), who leads the major leagues with 47 saves, blew a save chance for just the fourth time this season.
Atlanta trailed 3 - 0 but took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth on Evan Gattis' two - run homer off Tyler Clippard on an 0 - 2 pitch, which stopped an 0 - for - 18 skid. The Braves added a run in the ninth when Elliot Johnson singled, advanced on a throwing error by left fielder Bryce Harper, stole third and came around as Desmond allowed Freddie Freeman's four - hop grounder to shortstop to bounce off the heel of his glove for his 18th error this season.
In the ninth, Adam LaRoche walked on a full count, Wilson Ramos reached on an infield single and Anthony Rendon walked on a 3 - 2 pitch. After Tracy's grounder, Atlanta elected to pitch to Span with first base open, and he hit a three - hopper over the mound that rolled past Simmons into center field. Span was given an RBI, with the second run scoring on the error.
Ian Krol (2 - 1) faced two batters in the ninth, giving Washington its first win in seven home games against Atlanta this year and sparing Clippard the loss.
Before the game, both teams stood in front of their dugouts, heads bowed, and a color guard was stationed behind home plate during a minute of silence to pay tribute to the people killed Monday and those affected by the shootings.
Span's second-inning single extended his hitting streak to 27 games, matching Colorado's Michael Cuddyer for the longest in the major leagues this season.
Washington took a 3 - 0 lead in the first against Mike Minor on Jayson Werth's RBI double, Harper's run-scoring groundout and LaRoche's RBI single.
Freeman's sixth-inning sacrifice fly off Haren made him the first Atlanta player with 100 RBIs in a season since Chipper Jones and Jeff Francoeur in 2007, and pinch-hitter Dan Uggla singled in a run in the seventh.