DETROIT--Brandon Inge and the Detroit Tigers just love interleague play.
Inge hit a tiebreaking RBI triple in the eighth inning and the Tigers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 5 on Friday night for their seventh straight win, with each victory coming against National League teams.
Detroit improved to 8 - 2 this season and a baseball-best 60 - 22 in interleague action since the start of the 2006 season.
Manager Jim Leyland says the record is just a matter of good timing--Detroit played the woeful Pirates and Diamondbacks and missed rookie sensation Stephen Strasburg of Washington--but he was happy with his short-handed team's performance on Friday.
With Austin Jackson (back) and Gerald Laird (neck) unavailable and Miguel Cabrera leaving after four innings, Detroit finished the game with one position player on the bench.
The Tigers wasted leads of 4 - 0 and 5 - 4 before sending Arizona to its 14th consecutive road loss, extending its franchise record.
There was a severe thunderstorm warning for the area around Comerica Park when Detroit pushed across two runs in the eighth. Brennan Boesch started the rally with a one - out walk against Chad Qualls (1 - 4). Boesch advanced on a groundout and scored on Inge's drive over the head of center fielder Chris Young. Alex Avila followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 5.
Qualls, who recently lost his job as Arizona's closer, allowed two runs and three hits in one inning. He walked one and struck out one.
Phil Coke (5 - 0) got two outs to earn the win and Jose Valverde needed just six pitches to record his 15th save.
Young and Stephen Drew each drove in two runs for Arizona.
Dontrelle Willis allowed five runs and five hits over five innings in his first game in Detroit since he was traded to Arizona on June 1. The left-hander, who struggled in his two - plus seasons with the Tigers, got a tepid greeting from the crowd.
Willis, who walked four, insisted he didn't feel any extra pressure because he was facing his former team.
Willis was concerned about Cabrera, whom he played with in Florida and Detroit. Cabrera left after he started feeling dizzy.
Cabrera was injured trying to field a ball in the second inning.
Armando Galarraga, who replaced Willis in the rotation, gave up four runs in 4 1/3 innings.
Willis was in a different uniform, but got off to a familiar start. His first three pitches were balls, and he walked leadoff hitter Ryan Raburn before giving up a one - out homer to Magglio Ordonez.
Willis gave up two more runs in the second, but settled down after that.
Arizona got Miguel Montero's solo homer in the fourth before scoring three times in the fifth to tie it at 4. Young had the big blow in the rally, hitting a two - run single.