CHICAGO--Fred Lewis felt a rush of adrenaline after Travis Snider doubled and John Buck singled off Chicago White Sox closer Bobby Jenks in the ninth inning.
Lewis brought his teammates home with a three - run blast off Jenks and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the White Sox 9 - 7 on Sunday.
Jenks (1 - 1) failed to retire any of the four batters he faced. Lewis drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the right-field seats for his second home run of the season, giving the Blue Jays an 8 - 7 lead.
Jenks was booed as he walked to the dugout after yielding a single to Aaron Hill. Alex Gonzalez added an RBI single off Scott Linebrink.
Although Jenks has only one blown save, his ERA is 6.75. In Friday's extra-inning loss, he gave up a home run to Buck in the ninth inning.
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen said he may temporarily give Jenks a break as the closer.
Jenks doesn't understand why a change may be needed.
The Blue Jays won for the fourth time when trailing after eight innings this season.
Jason Frasor (2 - 1) got the win despite allowing Carlos Quentin's RBI double in the eighth. Kevin Gregg, who blew a save opportunity on Friday, pitched a scoreless ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities.
Alex Rios hit a tying homer in the seventh and went 4 for 4 for the White Sox. Chicago claimed Rios off waivers from Toronto on Aug. 10.
Vernon Wells hit his ninth homer and Adam Lind had a two - run single for the Blue Jays, who have won nine of 11.
Chicago pushed across two runs in the seventh to take a 6 - 5 lead. Rios hit a one - out drive to left off Shawn Camp for his sixth homer of the season. The White Sox went on to load the bases, and Scott Downs hit Juan Pierre to force in a run.
Gavin Floyd allowed five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for Chicago, raising his ERA to 6.92.
Ricky Romero pitched 5 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays, yielding four runs and eight hits. He struck out seven and walked five.
The White Sox scored three times in the second to take a 3 - 1 lead. Jayson Nix and Pierre hit back-to-back RBI singles, and Ramon Castro scored on Gordon Beckham's groundout.
Toronto responded with four in the third. Lind singled in a pair of runs and Wells had a two - run shot.