The Washington Wizards defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 109 - 101, at Verizon Center on Tuesday night in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference first - round playoffs. The Wizards now lead the series, 20. The Hawks (0 - 2) had a hard time scoring points against the Wizards (20) over their last three meetings in the regular season, and those issues re - emerged in Tuesday's Game 2. The fact that standout center Dwight Howard ran into trouble certainly didn't help their cause either, nor did the 18 turnovers they were guilty of after committing 19 in Game 1. Shooting was a problem as well, as Atlanta could only muster a 40 percent success rate from the field and 20 percent from three - point range. Meanwhile, the backcourt duo of John Wall and Bradley Beal were lethal, as they combined to score 63 points on a combined 21 - of - 47 from the field, including 6 - of - 12 from three - point range. Their contributions were key in Washington overcoming the 78 - 74 deficit they entered the final 12 minutes with, and in helping them put together a 35 - point fourth quarter to seal the win. With Howard in foul trouble, Paul Millsap took on a more prominent role in the frontcourt and led the way for Atlanta with 27 points, 10 rebounds, four assists, two steals and one block. Dennis Schroder followed with 23 points, which he supplemented with six assists, four rebounds and one steal. Tim Hardaway, Jr. followed with 19 points, two assists and one rebound. Taurean Prince provided 12 points, four boards and one assist. Howard could only muster six points, seven rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block over 20 minutes. Kent Bazemore paced the second unit with eight points, five rebounds and two blocks. Wall led the way for the Wizards with 32 points, nine assists, five rebounds, one steal and one block. Beal was right behind his backcourt mate with 31 points, which he complemented with three assists, two rebounds and three steals. Marcin Gortat posted a 14 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists, five blocks and one steal. Much like Howard, Markieff Morris also ran into issues with the ref's whistle, totaling just three points, three rebounds, two assists and two blocks over 20 minutes. Brandon Jennings led the bench with 10 points, four rebounds and two assists. The two teams will reconvene on Saturday at Philips Arena for Game 3.