WASHINGTON--Gio Gonzalez didn't need his best stuff against the New York Mets on Sunday.
What he had was good enough to get his 16th win, tying him for the major league lead and setting a Washington Nationals team record.
Gonzalez gave up seven hits and needed 110 pitches to get through 5 2/3 innings, but he didn't allow a run until the sixth and the Nationals got more than enough offense from Bryce Harper and Danny Espinosa for Gonzalez to notch the victory in a 5 - 2 win against the Mets.
Johnson said Gonzalez was leaving pitches up in the strike zone, and the manager thought his pitcher was affected by a 2 hour, 26 minute rain delay that pushed back the start of the game. Gonzalez did get his sixth hit of the season on a fourth-inning single.
Gonzalez (16 - 6) wouldn't admit to being troubled by the delay, despite giving up seven hits. He has won more games in a season than anyone else since the Nationals moved to Washington in 2005.
Harper had a home run and a triple, and Espinosa also homered as the Nationals won for the third time in their past four games. Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances.
Washington (75 - 46) has the best record in the majors and a five - game lead in the National League East over the Atlanta Braves, who lost 5 - 0 to the Dodgers on Sunday. The Nationals host the Braves in a three - game series starting Monday.
Jeremy Hefner (2 - 5) gave up five runs and eight hits as the Mets lost for the ninth time in 13 games.
Espinosa hit a two - run home run, his 14th, into the left-field visitors' bullpen to give the Nationals a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning.
Washington got another pair of runs with three straight hits an inning later. Jayson Werth led off with a single, Harper followed with a run-scoring triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman's single.
It was Harper's team-leading sixth triple, and the 19-year-old added another run when he led off the fifth with his 12th homer off the front of the upper deck in right-center field, extending Washington's lead to 5 - 0.
The Mets got on the board in the sixth when Ike Davis led off with a double and scored on Jason Bay's groundout.
New York was 1 for 11 with runners in scoring position, with the lone hit coming on Kelly Shoppach's run-scoring single in the eighth.
The Nationals took two of three from the Mets and are now looking forward to extending their lead against Atlanta.