CINCINNATI--Mike Leake worked out of a bases-loaded, no-out jam in the first. He struggled with his control. He collected two hits at the plate.
This was one wild major league debut.
Leake pitched into the seventh after a rough start, Ramon Hernandez drove in the go-ahead run with a bases-loaded walk and the Cincinnati Reds rallied to beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 1 on Sunday.
Leake became the 21st player since the draft began in 1965 to play in the majors without appearing in a minor league game and first since Xavier Nady with the San Diego Padres in 2000. He also became the first American pitcher to accomplish the feat since Darren Dreifort with the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1994.
The 22-year-old right-hander had those seven walks but allowed just one run and four hits over 6 2/3 innings. He also went 2 for 2 at the plate, adding to his collection of milestone balls.
"I should get that seventh-walk ball," he cracked.
Leake, selected eighth overall, also is the first player from the 2009 draft to make his major league debut.
Manager Dusty Baker was impressed with Leake's composure after the Cubs loaded the bases in the first. The ex-Arizona State star got Aramis Ramirez to pop up, struck out Marlon Byrd and retired Alfonso Soriano on a flyout to end the threat.
Lee, who drove in Chicago's only run with an RBI single in the fifth, was impressed.
The Cubs left 11 runners on base, frustrating manager Lou Piniella.
The Reds loaded the bases in the eighth inning on two singles and a walk against John Grabow (0 - 2), and Esmailin Caridad walked Hernandez to force in the go-ahead run. Jonny Gomes followed with a sacrifice fly.
Nick Masset (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless eighth inning, and Francisco Cordero finished for his second save in two opportunities.
Chicago's Tom Gorzelanny, acquired from Pittsburgh on July 30th, was sharp in his first start of the season. The left-hander struck out seven in 6 1/3 innings, allowing an unearned run and four hits.
Left fielder Alfonso Soriano's error helped the Reds tie it in the seventh. With runners on first and second and one out, Soriano dropped Gomes' fly ball into the corner. That loaded the bases for pinch-hitter Miguel Cairo, whose sharp one - hopper glanced off reliever Sean Marshall for the tying infield single.