ANAHEIM, Calif.--Jered Weaver bounded off the field shouting and pumping his fist after quashing a base-loaded jam with no outs in the top of the eighth inning. He was pretty excited in the bottom half, too, as he watched his teammates walk around the bases.
The Angels scored three runs on five straight walks in the eighth after Weaver escaped a based-loaded jam with no outs in the top half, and they hung on to beat the New York Yankees 4 - 1 on Monday night.
Yankees relievers Shawn Kelley (0 - 2), Matt Thornton and Preston Claiborne walked six overall in the eighth, the most walks in an inning by New York since 1990. The wild display came after manager Joe Girardi was ejected by plate umpire Laz Diaz for arguing a strike call in the top of the inning and engaging Diaz in a heated argument.
Weaver (3 - 2) allowed a run and six hits in eight innings, struck out seven and walked one. The right-hander bounded off the mound pumping his fist and shouting in excitement after getting Derek Jeter to ground into an inning-ending double play in the eighth.
The Angels loaded the bases against Kelley with three walks, including a two - out intentional pass to Albert Pujols that preceded a base on balls to pinch-hitter Raul Ibanez. Collin Cowgill scored on a walk to Howie Kendrick and Kelley was replaced by Thornton.
Kelley was tossed by Diaz on his way to the dugout. Thornton then walked Ian Stewart to force in another run, and Claiborne did likewise to Chris Iannetta.
The Yankees loaded the bases in the top of the eighth on singles by Kelly Johnson and Brian Roberts and a bunt hit by Ichiro Suzuki. Girardi was tossed after questioning a 1 - 0 pitch to Brett Gardner from the dugout, then came on the field and continued his rant.
Gardner then struck out and Jeter grounded into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play on Weaver's next offering.
Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in five chances.
Yankees right-hander David Phelps allowed a run and three hits over 5 1/3 innings with three strikeouts and a walk. It was his 24th career start and first since July 4, 2013.
Phelps made his first nine appearances this season out of the bullpen, but was inserted into the rotation because of Michael Pineda's 10-game suspension for having a foreign substance on his neck during a game at Boston on April 23.
Phelps matched zeroes with Weaver through four innings before Kendrick led off the Angels' fifth with a drive into the right field corner that skipped away from Suzuki for a triple. Stewart delivered the run with a slow-hit grounder to third base, and Johnson's only play was to first.
The only hit Weaver allowed during the first six innings was a leadoff single in the fourth by Jeter, ending an 0 - for - 14 drought for the Yankees captain.
Jeter doubled inside third base on Weaver's first pitch in the seventh, advanced on Jacoby Ellsbury's groundout and scored the tying run on a single by former Angel Mark Teixeira.