SEATTLE--Luke French, given a lead in the first inning, knew his challenge was to keep the Cleveland Indians scoreless during his time on the mound.
That much he accomplished, along with a bonus. He kept the Indians hitless through 6 1/3 innings in helping the Seattle Mariners hang on to an eventual three - hit 1 - 0 victory Friday night.
French (4 - 4) gave up a single with one out in the seventh to Shelley Duncan to end his no-hit bid.
He threw 99 pitches in seven innings, walking three and striking out four.
Brandon League worked a routine eighth and David Aardsma threw the ninth for his 27th save in 32 opportunities, but it wasn't easy.
Aardsma allowed a one - out single to Michael Brantley then Asdrubal Cabrera followed with a single. Left fielder Michael Saunders made a sliding catch on a fly ball by Shin-Soo Choo, with the runners holding.
The runners moved up on a wild pitch. Then Duncan, in a nine - pitch at-bat, struck out on a high 95-mph fastball.
Fausto Carmona (11 - 14) allowed four hits and one run, walking five and striking out six in his third complete game this season.
French, acquired in a deadline trade with Detroit last July, faced just one batter over the minimum through the first six innings.
He walked Lou Marson in the third with two outs. He then threw to first as Marson was breaking for second, catching him in a rundown.
He issued another two - out walk to Choo in the fourth and Duncan then flied out to left.
Of his first 18 outs, 12 came on fly balls and only one on the ground.
French said he threw between 25 to 30 changeups, producing many of the popups.
In the seventh, he walked Choo with one out. Duncan stroked his clean single just to the left of shortstop Josh Wilson.
After Duncan's hit, Brown took the opportunity to send pitching coach Carl Willis to the mound to make sure French's focus wasn't damaged by the failed no-hit bid.
It only took French one pitch to get out of it. Jayson Nix lined out to Saunders. Choo, believing the ball would drop, was caught off second for a double play.
The Mariners had a promise of a big rally in the first inning but scored just the one run and it turned out to be the only run necessary.
Ichiro Suzuki reached on a slow roller to shortstop, his major-league leading 47th infield hit. Chone Figgins walked, then Franklin Gutierrez bounced an RBI single to center.
Russell Branyan walked, loading the bases with no outs. Carmona struck out Jose Lopez and induced Casey Kotchman to hit into a double play.
The Mariners made that run hold up for eight more innings.