TORONTO (AP)--Roy Halladay has learned the hard way that the Tampa Bay Rays are no longer a pushover.
Matt Garza threw a five - hitter for his first career shutout, and the Rays beat Halladay and the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night.
Eric Hinske hit his 100th career homer and Evan Longoria added a two - run triple as the Rays beat Halladay for the third time in three games this season.
Halladay (12 - 8) lost 6 - 4 to Garza and the Rays at Tampa Bay on July 19, and dropped a 5 - 3 decision at Disney World in Kissimmee, Fla., on April 23.
The only other team to beat Halladay three times in a season was the Boston Red Sox, who took three of four from the right-hander in 2007.
Halladay allowed three runs and six hits in eight innings. He walked three and struck out eight.
Garza (9 - 6), who benefited from three double plays, struck out five and walked one.
The only extra-base hit against Garza was Adam Lind's two - out double in the eighth, but Brad Wilkerson ended the inning by grounding back to the mound.
Garza was acquired by Tampa Bay in an offseason trade with Minnesota. He pitched parts of the last two seasons with the Twins.
Hinske led off the third with a drive that cleared the center field wall but ricocheted off the concrete facing of the lower deck and back into the outfield. Second base umpire Mike Winters signaled no catch, but neither center fielder Alex Rios nor Wilkerson in right chased after the ball.
Hinske trotted around the bases while Halladay waved his arms and yelled until second baseman Joe Inglett ran out and threw home, too late to get Hinske, who sped around third and scored standing up for his 15th homer of the season.
The Rays got a laugh out of Hinske's antics on the basepaths.
The home run sprint left Hinske out of breath by the time he got back to the dugout.
Originally scored an inside-the-park home run, the ruling was changed after the official scorer checked with the umpires and learned that first base umpire Hunter Wendelstedt had ruled the ball cleared the fence.
B. J. Upton drew a two - out walk in the eighth and went to second on Carl Crawford's single before both runners scored when Longoria tripled off the wall in right-center.
Longoria made two great defensive plays, ranging into foul territory and throwing out Rios in the seventh and Matt Stairs in the eighth.