BOSTON--The Texas Rangers couldn't wait for the All-Star break.
And then they couldn't wait for it to end.
Josh Hamilton took over the major league batting lead with three doubles, helping the Rangers get off to a quick start in the second half with a six - run first inning on their way to a 7 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Thursday night.
Bengie Molina homered as Texas batted around in first inning against Tim Wakefield. Nelson Cruz and Vladimir Guerrero had three hits apiece for the Rangers, who lost their last four games heading into the break--against the lowly Baltimore Orioles--to open July with a 3 - 8 record.
Tommy Hunter (6 - 0) held Boston to five hits before leaving with a 7 - 2 lead with two outs in the seventh. He walked two, struck out one and hit a batter while allowing solo homers to Bill Hall and J. D. Drew.
Hamilton raised his batting average to.351 before being replaced by a pinch runner in the seventh inning because of soreness in his calf behind his right knee.
Boston has lost six of its last eight games. Tim Wakefield (3 - 8) had his shortest outing since September 2008, allowing six earned runs on eight hits and striking out two before leaving three batters into the third inning.
The Red Sox had only five regular starters in the lineup because of injuries to Dustin Pedroia, Adrian Beltre, Victor Martinez and Jacoby Ellsbury. Felix Doubront has been called up from the minors to pitch on Friday because of injuries to Clay Buchholz and Josh Beckett.
The Rangers entered the game with a 4½-game lead in the AL West despite being swept by Baltimore in the last four games before the All-Star break. That included Hunter's worst start of the season, in which he took a 4 - 1 lead into the seventh but didn't get an out in the inning; the Rangers blew the lead and lost 6 - 4, and Hunter got a no-decision.
They didn't wait long to turn things around.
After Wakefield struck out Elvis Andrus to lead off the game, he gave up six straight hits. Michael Young, Ian Kinsler and Guerrero all singled, Hamilton doubled and Cruz singled to make it 4 - 0. Molina hit a two - run homer before Wakefield got the bottom two in the order to end the inning.
After a 1 - 2 - 2 second inning, the Rangers put three straight batters on--one on Hall's error at third base--to make it 7 - 0 and chase Wakefield.
Robert Manuel inherited runners at second and third and nobody out and pitched out of the jam to avoid further damage.