DENVER--Chad Bettis gave the Colorado Rockies the start they wanted while Charlie Blackmon provided the offense they needed.
Bettis pitched effectively into the seventh inning, Blackmon homered and drove in three runs and the Rockies snapped a five - game losing streak with a 5 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Saturday.
Colorado had lost nine of its last 10 before getting a strong outing from Bettis (3 - 2), who got his first win since carrying a no-hitter into the eighth inning at Philadelphia on May 29. He allowed one run and five hits, walked two and struck out five in 6 1/3 innings.
He got a big assist from reliever Tommy Kahnle, who got an inning-ending double play in the seventh with runners at the corners.
Bettis allowed five runs in the first two innings against Houston on Monday before shutting down the Astros in his final three innings. He used that finish as a starting point for Saturday.
Bettis got the Rockies off to a good start by holding Milwaukee scoreless until the sixth. It was the first time in six games a Colorado opponent didn't score in the first inning.
The offense, which hit.215 in the previous 10 games, gave Bettis enough support to get the win.
Nolan Arenado led off the second with a double, moved to third on a groundout and scored on Michael McKenry's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0.
Blackmon made it 3 - 0 with a two - run homer off Kyle Lohse in the fifth, his ninth of the season and just his second in June. He has five extra-base hits in his last four games.
Adam Lind got a run back in the sixth with a two - out home run off Bettis. It was Lind's 10th of the season and cut the deficit to 3 - 1.
The Brewers mounted a rally in the seventh when Hernan Perez reached on a one - out double, went to third on a wild pitch and Martin Maldonado walked. Kahnle relieved Bettis and got pinch-hitter Jonathan Lucroy to hit a double play started by Arenado at third.
Colorado made it 5 - 1 in the seventh off reliever Michael Blazek on RBI singles by Ben Paulsen and Blackmon to get some breathing room heading into the last two innings.
Lohse (3 - 9) had his best outing in a month but is 0 - 5 with a 7.59 ERA in his last seven starts. He has not won since tossing eight shutout innings against the New York Mets on May 15.