LOS ANGELES--The calendar says June, not October. Yet the Cardinals and Dodgers played as though something big was on the line, with outstanding outings by their starters and stellar defense.
Manny Ramirez hit an RBI double in the eighth inning and the surging Dodgers won 1 - 0 Tuesday night to take sole possession of first place in the NL West for the first time this season.
The Dodgers lead San Diego by a half-game and their 35 - 24 record is the best in the NL. With their eighth win in 10 games, they're back in first for the first time since being tied on May 22. Eight of their previous nine victories were by one run, including three by scores of 1 - 0.
St. Louis ace Chris Carpenter and Los Angeles' Hiroki Kuroda dueled through seven scoreless innings.
St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols was blanked for a second straight night and is hitless in eight at-bats in the series, a rematch of last year's first-round playoff won by the Dodgers in a three - game sweep.
Matt Holliday singled in the ninth for his first hit in seven at-bats.
Carpenter has a 0.83 ERA since May 28.
Rafael Furcal led off the eighth with a single against Trever Miller (0 - 1). Andre Ethier singled one out later and Ramirez greeted Kyle McClellan with his double into the right-field corner.
Ramirez was the first player out of the Dodgers' clubhouse and didn't speak with reporters in keeping with his behavior this season.
Ethier had to stop at third because of fan interference. James Loney was intentionally walked to load the bases, but McClellan minimized the damage by striking out Casey Blake and Blake DeWitt.
Hong-Chih Kuo (2 - 1) pitched the eighth and Broxton got three outs for his 15th save in 17 chances--on his own bobblehead night. He fanned Pujols on a slider in the dirt--Pujols checked his swing and the umpire ruled a strike.
Cardinals right fielder Ryan Ludwick kept the game scoreless in the seventh with a perfect one - hop throw to catcher Yadier Molina, who had an extra second to brace himself for the collision with DeWitt as he tried to score from second on Martin's one - out single. DeWitt came in with both arms up, but Molina hung onto the ball as he was sent sprawling.
Carpenter gave up six hits, struck out five and walked one. Kuroda allowed four hits, struck out six and walked one.