MILWAUKEE--The Pittsburgh Pirates are clinging to playoff hopes and got a great start from rookie Chad Kuhl to keep them in the hunt.
Sean Rodriguez hit a home run and a two - run single, Andrew McCutchen went deep, rookie Chad Kuhl pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Wednesday night.
The Pirates won their sixth straight at Miller Park, and sixth of seven overall to improve to 76 - 75. Pittsburgh began the day 4 1/2 games behind San Francisco for the second NL wild card spot. The Pirates also have to hurdle the St. Louis Cardinals and Miami Marlins, too.
Kuhl (5 - 3) pitched two - hit ball through the fourth before the Brewers manufactured a run on Jonathan Villar's two - out single in the fifth. Kuhl struck out six and walked one in his second career start against the Brewers.
In the sixth, Kuhl retired the first two batters before Domingo Santana hit a ground ball with so much top spin that it slithered through the infield. Pirates pitching coach Ray Searage came out to mound before Hernan Perez stepped in. Whatever was said worked as Perez chased the first pitch and flied out.
The win was much better result than the last time he faced the Brewers.
He took a no decision at Miller Park on Aug. 25, throwing six shutout innings before Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a two - run homer with one out in the seventh.
The Pirates' bullpen silenced the Brewers bats the rest of the way. Juan Nicasio (7th) and Felipe Rivero (8th) set the stage for Tony Watson who converted his 15th save in 18 chances when he pitched the ninth.
McCutchen helped the Pirates jump out to an early lead for the second consecutive game. He crushed a 2 - 2 pitch that just slipped by the left-field foul pole for his 24th home run. Tuesday, he hit a two - run double in the first.
Rodriguez's two - run single finished the scoring in the first off starter Jimmy Nelson (8 - 15) and extended his hitting streak to 10 games. Rodriguez hit his 18th home run of the season in the fourth. He has homered in in four of his last five games.