BOSTON--Mike Moustakas kept fouling off good pitches. He finally saw one he could handle and didn't miss it.
Moustakas' two - run double capped a wild four - run ninth inning that carried the AL Central-leading Kansas City Royals to an 8 - 6 comeback victory over the Boston Red Sox on Sunday.
The Royals had two runners cut down at the plate in the ninth, one trying for an inside-the-park homer, and collected six hits against Boston closer Junichi Tazawa (2 - 6).
Boston Red Sox closer Junichi Tazawa said he will learn from Sunday's blown save against the Kansas City Royals which saw him give up four runs.
If Jackie Bradley Jr. goes on to greater things in his baseball career, Sunday's game had the "aha" moment that changed it all.
Moustakas capped off a 10-pitch at-bat with his go-ahead hit into the right-center field gap.
Moustakas also had a solo homer and RBI double for Kansas City, which salvaged a split of the four - game series.
Boston led 6 - 4 going into the ninth. After left fielder Jackie Bradley Jr. threw out Omar Infante trying for the homer for the first out, Kansas City rallied with four hits, tying it on Eric Hosmer's two - run single.
Batting eighth in the final inning, Moustakas knew if he came up, the Royals were likely doing something special.
Tazawa gave him everything he had.
Chris Young (9 - 6) retired one batter and Wade Davis got the final three outs for his 11th save.
Bradley Jr. had two RBI doubles and a single for the Red Sox, who went 6 - 4 on a 10-game homestand--all under interim manager Torey Lovullo, who took over for John Farrell on Aug. 14. Farrell took a medical leave for the rest of the season to deal with Stage 1 Lymphoma.
Boston trailed 4 - 2, but scored twice in both the sixth and seventh.
Royals starter Edinson Volquez gave up six runs in 6 2/3 innings.
Trailing 2 - 1 in the fourth, the Royals scored twice, taking advantage of two errors on one play. Second baseman Josh Rutledge booted a grounder and center fielder Mookie Betts' throw bounced into the Royals' dugout for the first run. Moustakas followed with his RBI double. He homered into the Green Monster seats.
Boston starter Eduardo Rodriguez allowed four runs--two earned--in six innings.