PHILADELPHIA--Even on a soggy night, Roy Halladay made it look easy.
Halladay pitched eight strong innings in his home debut, Chase Utley hit his fifth homer in four games and the Philadelphia Phillies held on for an 8 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night.
Halladay ended Jorge Cantu's major league-record streak of 10 games with at least one hit and one RBI to start the season, and Dan Uggla hit a solo shot for Florida.
Pitching in a steady rain, Halladay (3 - 0) shrugged off the conditions and allowed two runs and eight hits. He threw 100 pitches, struck out four and didn't walk a batter.
Florida took advantage of three infield hits to score four runs off David Herndon in the ninth before Ryan Madson got the last two outs for his third save in three tries. Madson retired Cantu on a fielder's choice grounder with two runners on to end it.
Acquired from Toronto in a blockbuster deal last December, Halladay tossed a seven - hit shutout against Houston last Sunday. The former AL Cy Young winner has a 1.13 ERA in three starts.
Utley has connected in four straight games and has six homers this season. Placido Polanco also went deep for Philadelphia.
Marlins starter Anibal Sanchez (0 - 1) struggled through six innings, allowing one run and eight hits.
A crowd of 45,245--the 46th consecutive sellout at Citizens Bank Park--turned out on a dreary night, mostly to watch Halladay pitch his first game in red pinstripes. Many were forced to stand on the concourse because of the driving rain.
Though the game was never stopped, there were a couple long delays between innings while the grounds crew worked on the field.
If it weren't for the rain, Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said he would've sent Halladay out for the ninth.
Halladay, who has 50 career complete games, didn't protest much when Manuel pulled him.
The two - time defending NL champion Phillies are off to an 8 - 2 start.
Wildness cost Sanchez in the first inning. Shane Victorino and Utley reached on walks before Ryan Howard beat the shift with an opposite-field single that drove in the first run. After Raul Ibanez walked to load the bases, Juan Castro and Carlos Ruiz hit consecutive RBI singles to make it 3 - 0.
Polanco hit a drive off the left-field foul pole for a 4 - 0 lead in the second. Castro's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 0. Utley drove one out to right in the seventh off left-hander Dan Meyer.
Both teams made excellent defensive plays in the outfield. Ibanez robbed John Baker of extra bases with a diving grab in left to start the sixth.
In the bottom half, Marlins Cameron Maybin made a diving catch on the warning track in right-center.