KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Alberto Callaspo dressed quickly and raced out of the ballpark to meet his wife at the airport.
Perhaps the error-prone second baseman couldn't wait to tell her the Kansas City fans weren't so mad at him any more. His two hits and three RBIs enabled the Royals to double their run total of the four previous games combined and beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 4 Saturday.
It was the Royals' first win in seven tries against the White Sox and snapped Chicago's seven - game winning streak. Perhaps it also cooled, at least momentarily, the fan wrath which had been building against Callaspo after his errors at second were big factors in the Royals' losing their previous four games.
Callaspo got his big day started, and gave the Royals their first run in 13 innings, with an RBI triple off Gavin Floyd (6 - 6) in the fifth.
Then the switch-hitter turned around to bat right-handed against Matt Thornton in the sixth and blooped a two - run single into right field.
That made it 5 - 4 and gave the offensively challenged Royals their first lead in 38 innings. Then the bullpen retired nine batters in a row in support of Luke Hochevar (4 - 3), who went six innings and gave up four runs, including two homers.
Hochevar went six innings, allowing four runs and nine hits, with two walks and three strikeouts. Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 13 chances.
Floyd, who was 3 - 0 his five previous starts, took a 3 - 0 lead and a no-hitter into the fifth. But Mike Jacobs led off with a clean single into right and Callaspo followed with a triple into right-center.
One out later, Mitch Maier's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2.
In the sixth, Willie Bloomquist singled and stole second and after Jose Guillen reached on a fielder's choice, Mark Teahen's RBI single cut the deficit to 4 - 3. Thornton came out of the bullpen and Callaspo responded with his two - run single.
Brayan Pena had a solo home run off Octavio Dotel in the eighth.
Jermaine Dye had a two - run home run in the third for the White Sox and then Gordon Beckham made it 4 - 2 with a solo shot in the sixth. Dewayne Wise singled home Chicago's first run in the second.
Maier was out on an unusual play in the third that was officially recorded as five - unassisted. Maier was on second when Bloomquist hit a grounder to third baseman Beckham. Maier was ruled out when he ran into Beckham before he got control of the ball. Both players crashed to the ground but neither was hurt.