MIAMI--There's something about the Philadelphia Phillies that brings out the best in Miami Marlins rookie shortstop Adeiny Hechavarria.
Part of it is because he wants to impress his counterpart with the Phillies, Jimmy Rollins.
Hechavarria drove in three runs, including the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, to help the Marlins to a 3 - 2 victory Wednesday night.
The slick-fielding Hechavarria has a hit in eight consecutive games against the Phillies.
Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second before driving in the run that made it 3 - 2 on a fielder's choice.
Justin Ruggiano walked and Placido Polanco singled for his third hit in the eighth off Ethan Martin (2 - 5) before Hechavarria hit a grounder to Rollins, whose throw went wide of catcher Carlos Ruiz allowing Ruggiano to slide in safely.
Steve Cishek pitched the ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances. It was Cishek's 28th consecutive save setting the team record previously held by Todd Jones in 2005.
Chad Qualls (5 - 2) got the final out in the eighth to earn the victory.
Phillies starter Cole Hamels pitched six innings and allowed two runs. He struck out six as he reached 200 strikeouts (202) in a season for the third time in his career and the second consecutive season.
The 2008 World Series MVP finished his season with a 3.60 ERA and an 8 - 14 record, which is the least amount of wins and the most losses in his career as he received one of the lowest run support averages in the majors.
Brad Hand allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings for Miami.
Hechavarria hit a two - run triple in the second inning to deep center field over the head of Cesar Hernandez for a 2 - 0 lead.
Freddy Galvis, who had three hits, stroked an RBI single to pull the Phillies within 2 - 1 in the seventh, which ended Hand's outing. Hernandez broke a 2 - for - 23 slump with an RBI single to tie the game at 2.
The bottom of the seventh featured two missed calls by the umpires as Rollins' tag on a pickoff attempt at second base by Cesar Jimenez was in time to get Juan Pierre, but he was called safe. Then Jimenez applied a tag with his bare hand to get Christian Yelich out on a slow grounder.