SEATTLE--When Brad Miller was hitting a season-low.151 three months into the season, he might not have expected even to be with the Seattle Mariners in the final month of the season.
But Miller made perhaps his most significant contribution to the club's postseason aspirations Monday night, hitting a tiebreaking, two - run triple and driving in three runs in a 4 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros.
The Mariners moved one game behind Oakland, which lost to the White Sox, 5 - 4 in 12 innings, for the first AL wild card and are one game ahead of Detroit for the second playoff spot.
With one out in the eighth, Mike Zunino worked a walk off Michael Foltynewicz (0 - 1). James Jones pinch ran for him and stole second. Tony Sipp entered and walked Michael Saunders.
Jones then stole third without a throw. He has 25 steals in 26 attempts.
With the infield and outfield drawn in, Miller hit a liner that skipped past right-fielder Jake Marisnick, rolling to the wall. Both runners scored and Miller reached third standing up.
Austin Jackson followed with a single to center.
Danny Farquhar (3 - 1) worked the eighth for the victory.
Fernando Rodney, despite putting two on in the ninth and throwing 30 pitches, picked up his AL-leading 44th save in his 47th opportunity.
Danny Farquhar (3 - 1) worked the eighth for the victory.
Fernando Rodney put two on in the ninth but earned his AL-leading 44th save in his 47th opportunity.
Despite struggling with his control, Felix Hernandez tossed five - hit ball for six innings. He matched his season high with four walks and threw two wild pitches.
Houston put runners in scoring position three times against Hernandez but they were hitless in five attempts to drive the runner in--striking out four times.
Astros starter Brad Peacock entered with a 5.01 ERA, but he allowed just four hits, walked two and struck out six in five innings.
Miller delivered a two - out RBI single in the sixth off Jorge De Leon.
The Astros tied it in the seventh--even after having a home run taken back by a replay review.