ARLINGTON, Texas--Colorado Rockies starter Josh Outman went to the mound for the fifth inning with a 10-run lead.
While the Rockies held on for a much-needed 11 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers, it ended up being a no-decision for the right-hander who was the first to start on short rest since manager Jim Tracy's decision this week to go with a four - man rotation.
Even given extra pitches and another chance through the heart of the Texas lineup, Outman fell one out short of the required five innings to be eligible for his first victory with Colorado.
Tyler Colvin and Chris Nelson had consecutive two - out, two - run singles in the third to put Colorado up 5 - 0 against the two - time defending AL champions, who had won seven in a row.
Before Colorado's four - run third against Colby Lewis (6 - 6), the Rangers hadn't even allowed more than three runs in a game during their winning streak. Wil Nieves and Dexter Fowler--the Nos. 8 and 9 batters--homered on consecutive pitches in the fifth off reliever Michael Kirkman for three more runs and an 11 - 1 lead.
Six players had at least two hits for the Rockies, who won for only the third time in 16 games. They got their first win in 11 games this season against AL West teams.
Nelson Cruz homered twice for two - time defending AL champion Texas (44 - 28), which lost for only the third time in 14 games and still has the best record in the majors.
With a double-digit lead, and even though Outman was already past the 75-pitch limit Tracy is trying to impose on his starters, the lefty had two outs in the fifth before Adrian Beltre and Michael Young had consecutive RBI singles to make it 11 - 3. Outman slammed his glove against his leg in frustration when he was pulled from the game.
Cruz, who had a solo shot an inning earlier off Outman, hit the first pitch from reliever Adam Ottavino over the center field wall for a three - run homer.
Outman allowed five runs and eight hits with three strikeouts and a walk. He threw 92 pitches.
When Cruz homered deep into the Colorado bullpen on a hanging 0 - 2 slider in the fourth, Outman slammed both of his hands to his knees.
Rex Brothers (3 - 2), the third of five Colorado pitchers, threw two scoreless innings despite allowing leadoff doubles in both.
The Rockies loaded the bases with three consecutive singles in the third before Colvin blooped a single to shallow left just out of the reach of shortstop Elvis Andrus. Nelson followed with a single up the middle for a 5 - 0 lead.
Jonathan Herrera dropped to one knee on his swing that resulted in an RBI double in the fourth before Michael Cuddyer's two - run double made it 8 - 0. Nelson had a leadoff double off Kirkman before the homers by Nieves and Fowler.
Lewis struck out six with no walks. The right-hander had two complete games his previous three starts, and allowed only 11 earned runs over 44 innings his last six games.