NEW YORK--Even before taking the mound against the New York Yankees, Jacob deGrom was excited: Jay Bruce was in the lineup, a day after the Mets acquired him in a trade with Cincinnati.
The right-hander pitched seven innings to extend his scoreless streak to 14, Alejandro De Aza and Travis d'Arnaud homered off Masahiro Tanaka, and the Mets' offense woke up in a 7 - 1 Subway Series win on Tuesday night.
Jacob deGrom gave the New York Mets a masterful performance when they needed it, throwing seven scoreless innings Tuesday night to beat the Yankees.
According to a source, Alex Rodriguez will not be released by the New York Yankees on Wednesday, and if that's the case they need to play him.
Just like last season, the Mets hope a new bat will spark them to a second-half spurt.
Bruce went 0 for 4 and took a pair of called third strikes in his Mets debut, but his new team scored its most runs since July 7 and won for the second time in seven games.
Last in the NL in batting average, the Mets acquired the All-Star outfielder from the Reds on Monday in an attempt to replicate the spark Yoenis Cespedes provided after he was obtained at last year's trade deadline.
Cespedes, who hasn't started since Saturday because of an injured quadriceps, pinch-hit and had a run-scoring infield single in a four - run seventh. He is expected to be the Mets' designated hitter on Wednesday when the series switches to the Bronx.
DeGrom (7 - 5) escaped a two - out jam in the first by striking out Didi Gregorius, then got out of runners-at-the-corners trouble in the second by fanning Tanaka, who had trouble picking up signs from Yankees third base coach Joe Espada.
The 2014 NL Rookie of the Year gave up just two hits after that and wound up pitching four - hit ball with eight strikeouts and one walk. He retired 12 in a row before Mark Teixeira's one - out double in the sixth. He also had two hits at the plate.
Jon Niese, reacquired by the Mets from Pittsburgh on Monday, finished with two - hit relief, allowing Gregorius' ninth-inning homer.
Tanaka (7 - 4) lasted 6 1/3 innings and allowed eight hits and seven earned runs--his most since coming to the major leagues in 2014--as his ERA rose to 3.46. He left the mound before Yankees manager Joe Girardi arrived.
De Aza hit a two - run homer in the third and d'Arnaud added a solo drive in the fifth, just the third home run of the season for each. Coming in, only two of the 12 home runs off Tanaka this year had been hit on the road.
The Yankees dropped to 53 - 53 in a season when finishing above.500 is one of the few goals remaining after they traded Aroldis Chapman, Andrew Miller, Carlos Beltran and Ivan Nova.