CHICAGO--Welington Castillo's first game-ending hit came at an inopportune time for the Cardinals.
Castillo homered and drove in the winning run with a 10th-inning single, giving the Chicago Cubs a 4 - 3 victory over St. Louis that tightened the NL Central race Tuesday night.
Castillo finished 2 for 5 with three RBIs, and Matt Szczur also homered for the Cubs. Zac Rosscup (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless inning for his first major league win.
St. Louis' lead was reduced to 1 1/2 games over second-place Pittsburgh, which clinched a playoff berth by beating Atlanta.
With four games to play, the Cardinals, who secured a postseason spot last weekend, still have a magic number of four to wrap up their second consecutive division crown.
Miller entered 2 - 0 with a 0.69 ERA in four September starts, but lasted just 4 1/3 innings. He allowed three runs and five hits.
Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for St. Louis. Pat Neshek (7 - 2) took the loss.
With the score tied at 3, Anthony Rizzo hit a one - out double off the base of the wall in right-center and advanced to third on a groundout by rookie Jorge Soler.
Luis Valbuena was intentionally walked to get to Castillo, who drove the ball into the right-center gap. Rizzo scored easily.
The Cubs jumped on St. Louis early, grabbing a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Valbuena led off with a walk and Castillo followed with a two - run drive deep into the left-field bleachers.
The margin grew to 3 - 0 in the fifth when Szczur led off with a solo homer against Miller that just made the first row of bleachers in left-center.
St. Louis got on the board in the sixth with an RBI groundout by Jon Jay to make it 3 - 1. Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks still seemed in control, but he left a 2 - 2 pitch out over the plate to the next batter, and Holliday deposited it into the left-field bleachers to tie the score.
Hendricks allowed three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings. The young right-hander is 7 - 2 with a 2.46 ERA through 13 starts this season.
The Cubs had lost four of five while being outscored 45 - 22 during that span.