BALTMORE--As the most effective pitcher in the Los Angeles Angels' starting rotation, John Lackey has become a leader by example and a tutor by request.
Lackey allowed one run in seven innings, and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Saturday night to spoil the Camden Yards debut of rookie left-hander Brian Matusz.
One night after Angels starter Jered Weaver was pounded unmercifully in a 16 - 6 loss to the Orioles, Lackey (8 - 5) yielded seven hits, walked one and struck out six.
Lackey is 5 - 1 with a 1.89 ERA over his last seven starts.
Lackey has been leading by example, but also has served as an instructor to starters Sean O'Sullivan and Trevor Bell.
Chone Figgins had three hits, a walk and two stolen bases for the Angels, who are 20 - 8 since the All-Star break. Los Angeles improved to 6 - 2 against Baltimore and clinched the season series for a sixth straight year.
The Angels scored all their runs in the third inning against Matusz (1 - 2), a highly touted prospect making his third major league start. Los Angeles got only three hits in the inning but took full advantage of three walks and an error.
That proved to be more than enough support for Lackey.
After Jason Bulger gave up a hit and a walk in the ninth, Brian Fuentes got three straight outs to earn his 33rd save in 37 opportunities.
Matusz allowed four earned runs, 11 hits and three walks in 5 2/3 innings. The 22-year-old had a career-high seven strikeouts, including Bobby Abreu three times, but his pitch count was at 98 when he was lifted.
Melvin Mora had three hits and Nick Markakis had two hits and an RBI for the Orioles, who failed to sustain any momentum from their rout of the Angels on Friday night. Baltimore has lost 11 of 15 and is 8 - 20 since the All-Star break.
The Angels batted around in the decisive third inning. After two walks and a single loaded the bases, Matusz walked Vladimir Guerrero and Juan Rivera hit an RBI single to center that Jones misplayed, allowing another run to score. Howie Kendrick followed with a run-scoring grounder and Robb Quinlan added an RBI single.
The Orioles got a run back in the bottom half when Jones tripled and scored on a double by Markakis, but that was the extent of their production. Baltimore has scored three runs or fewer 15 times since the All-Star break and is 1 - 14 in those games.