HOUSTON--Early this season when the Houston Astros got down early it seemed like an insurmountable task to come back and win.
Things are much different these days.
Evan Gattis homered for the third straight game, Carlos Gomez connected for the first time this season and Carlos Correa delivered a tiebreaking double in the seventh inning, helping the Astros rally for the second straight game to beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 2 Sunday for a three - game sweep.
The Astros have won eight of nine.
Lance McCullers (3 - 1) allowed eight hits and two runs while striking out nine in seven innings to win his third straight decision. Will Harris threw a perfect ninth for his first save, a day after closer Luke Gregerson blew his second straight save chance.
It was 2-all in the seventh when George Springer walked and moved up on an errant pickoff throw by Ryan Dull (1 - 1). Correa, who drove in the game-winning run in the 12th Saturday, grounded a double to left with two outs.
Houston added a pair of runs in the eighth inning, with one coming when Jake Marisnick scored and Colby Rasmus reached on an a rather embarrassing error by pitcher Marc Rzepczynski.
The reliever fielded a grounder right in front of the plate by Rasmus before dropping the ball, picking it up and then tumbling to the ground as he tried to decide where to throw it.
Oakland starter Sonny Gray yielded five hits and one run in five innings after being activated from the disabled list on Sunday. Manager Bob Melvin said it was the best Gray has pitched since his first start this year.
The Athletics scored two runs in the first on a single by Yonder Alonso, but couldn't come up with hits in key situations after that and went 3 for 13 with runners in scoring position.
Oakland was up 2 - 0 when Gomez, who also doubled, sent his two - strike solo shot to the seats in left field in the fifth. It was his first regular-season homer since last Sept. 11.
Gomez, who has been mired in a season-long slump, is hitting just.191 this season and was 0 for 7 before the homer. He was relieved to finally to see the work he's been putting in translate to success at the plate.
Gattis tied it when he connected in the sixth. He has four homers and nine RBI in his last five games.
Gray, who was scheduled to make a rehabilitation start for Single-A Stockton on Saturday before Rich Hill was scratched, has been on the DL since May 20 with a strained right trapezius.