KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Salvador Perez has gone from cold to hot in three games.
Perez homered and drove in four runs, and the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 10 - 7 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.
Perez's two - run double off Sergio Santos in the Royals' six - run eighth put the Royals ahead. Perez's four RBIs matched his career high. The Royals had scored only four runs in the eighth inning in their first 24 games.
Perez, who has three consecutive multihit games, homered in the seventh with Alex Gordon aboard to trim Toronto's lead to 5 - 4. He was mired in a 1 - for - 29 skid before breaking out with seven hits in the past three games.
The Royals sent 10 men to the plate in the eighth, which included Omar Infante driving in two runs after collecting six RBIs on Sunday. Nori Aoki and Jarrod Dyson added RBI singles.
Aaron Crow (1 - 1), the third of four Royals pitchers, picked up the victory with a scoreless eighth inning and has not allowed an earned run while allowing only five hits in nine innings this season.
Brett Cecil (0 - 2) took the loss, retiring only two of the five batters he faced.
The Blue Jays' bullpen gave up seven runs in two innings after starter Dustin McGowan left the game.
Jose Bautista homered for the Blue Jays off Royals left-hander Jason Vargas and has reached base in all 26 games.
Melky Cabrera extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double and triple, and drove in two Toronto runs. He tops the majors with 41 hits.
Cabrera's triple in the fifth scored Jose Reyes, who had doubled. Cabrera scored on Vargas' wild pitch, putting the Blue Jays up 3 - 2.
McGowan, who has missed three seasons with injuries, pitched into the seventh inning, holding the Royals to three hits and three runs, two earned.
The Royals took advantage of two walks and a wild pitch, plus a throwing error on catcher Dioner Navarro to score two runs in the second inning.
The Royals won a challenge review in the second, taking away a RBI infield single from Chris Getz.
The Royals have scored 19 runs in winning the past two games.