NEW YORK--Brandon Nimmo's last walk-off home run came with Triple-A Las Vegas to end a 12-inning game in 2016. But current teammate Jay Bruce told him it only counts if you do it in the big leagues.
Problem solved.
Nimmo launched a pinch-hit, three - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning and the New York Mets got another dominant outing from All-Star Jacob deGrom in a 3 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night.
It was New York's third game-ending homer in the last six days. Jose Bautista beat Tampa Bay with a grand slam last Friday, and Mets walk-off record-holder Wilmer Flores connected Monday in the series opener against the Phillies.
Amed Rosario, who had two of New York's four hits, began the winning rally with a two - out double off Mark Leiter Jr. (0 - 1)--the first hit for the Mets since the fourth inning. Jose Reyes walked and Nimmo drove Leiter's next pitch well over the wall in right-center for his first career walk-off RBI.
Before his big home run, Nimmo was in a 6 - for - 46 slump with 20 strikeouts during that stretch. Beaming as he rounded the bases, he was pelted in the face with a bucket of bubble gum by excited teammates as they waited to swarm him at home plate.
New York won for only the fifth time in its past 24 home games. The Mets earned a four - game split but have gone 15 consecutive series without winning one since sweeping a three - game set against Arizona from May 18 - 20.
Philadelphia dropped back into a first-place tie with Atlanta in the NL East.
In his final scheduled start before heading to the All-Star Game next Tuesday in Washington, deGrom scattered five hits over eight innings and matched his longest outing of the season. He struck out seven and lowered his major league-leading ERA to 1.68, tied with Dwight Gooden (1985) for the best by a Mets starter before the All-Star break.
Despite all his success, deGrom has only five wins this season. The right-hander has consistently been hurt by poor run support from an anemic New York lineup.
This time, at least, the Mets didn't let deGrom's gem go to waste.
Phillies starter Vince Velasquez returned from the disabled list and matched deGrom, allowing two hits over six scoreless innings. The right-hander missed only one start after being hit just below the right elbow by a line drive on June 30.
The Phillies had a threat mounting in the 10th, but catcher Andrew Knapp was thrown out attempting to move from first to third on Cesar Hernandez's infield single.
Robert Gsellman (6 - 2) pitched a scoreless inning for the win.