MILWAUKEE--Left for dead in the playoff race a month ago, the Milwaukee Brewers inched closer to a wild-card spot after sweeping the Atlanta Braves, a scenario that had backup first baseman Travis Ishikawa searching to explain the team's recent surge.
Ishikawa, subbing for the injured Corey Hart, blasted a bases-clearing double in Milwaukee's eight - run fifth inning, coming after a three - run home run by Rickie Weeks earlier in the frame, and the Brewers beat the Braves 8 - 2 on Wednesday night.
The victory was the Brewers' ninth in a row at Miller Park and 18th in the past 23 games. Milwaukee (72 - 71) climbed above.500 for the first time since it was 4 - 3 on April 12.
The Brewers moved within three games of St. Louis for the second NL wild card. Despite the loss, the Braves continue to have a strong hold on the top wild card position.
Brewers starter Yovani Gallardo also connected for a run-scoring double in the game-turning inning, during which the Brewers sent 13 batters to the plate while collecting eight hits and two walks. Milwaukee trailed 2 - 0 entering the frame.
Gallardo (15 - 8) pitched seven strong innings in his majors-leading 24th quality start of the season. He gave up two runs on only four hits while walking three and striking out six.
Relievers Jose Veras and Kameron Loe combined to shut out the Braves over the final two innings.
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke credited Gallardo for overcoming early control issues.
Atlanta starter Paul Maholm (12 - 10) held the Brewers scoreless through four innings before running into major trouble in the fifth.
Maholm gave up nine hits and eight runs--six earned--in 4 1/3 innings. He walked two batters and struck out a pair. Maholm entered the game 0 - 2 with an 11.25 ERA in two prior starts against the Brewers this season.
Roenicke struggled to explain the Brewers' success this season against Maholm.
Weeks connected for his 18th home run of the season to spark the fifth-inning outburst, giving the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead. Weeks, who began the season in a horrendous slump, has been on an torrid streak at the plate.
Following Weeks' blast, Milwaukee added five more runs in the inning, three on a double by Ishikawa.
Braves manager Fredi Gonzalez thought the Braves were poised for a victory after the team jumped out to a quick 2 - 0.
The Brewers are having success in all phases of the game, which has allowed the team to climb into the playoff hunt, he added.
Jason Heyward got the Braves on the board in the first inning when he hit a two - out, solo home run. The Braves added a run in the fourth.