The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans, 100 - 82, at Wells Fargo Center on Friday evening. The Pelicans (28 - 26) likely arrived in a City of Brotherly Love still awash in post - Super Bowl euphoria with an itch to get on the court, considering their most recent contest had the distinction of having been "rained out", a true rarity in NBA circles. New Orleans' Wednesday showdown with the Indiana Pacers never got started due to a leak in the arena roof at Smoothie King Center, and the fact they'd therefore been off since Monday may have caused a bit of rustiness. The 76ers (27 - 25) looked to be playing a couple of notches faster in a prolific first quarter, one that saw them establish a dominant 32 - 14 lead. The visitors appeared to awaken from their slumber in the second, but they still trailed by a 56 - 41 margin heading into intermission. Any hopes of a second - half comeback were dashed in short order early in the third, as Philadelphia opened the period on a 10 - 4 run that got their edge back up over 20 points. It was up to 32 points by the end of the quarter, leading to a comfortable victory. As the final score implied, the Sixers dominated across the stat sheet, particularly in the area of rebounds and assists. The hosts won the battle on the glass by a 58 - 46 margin and dished out 26 dimes to the Pelicans' 17. Ian Clark paced the Pelicans with a modest 15 points in 22 minutes off the bench, with the majority of that scoring coming in the latter stages of the fourth quarter. He added one rebound. Anthony Davis followed with 14 points, eight rebounds and one steal. He played 28 minutes and shot 6 - for - 19 from the field. Darius Miller followed with 13 points, six rebounds, one assist and one steal. Nikola Mirotic delivered 12 points, five rebounds and two assists. Jrue Holiday poured in nine points and added one rebound and two blocks. Cheick Diallo turned six points, seven boards and one steal, while Rajon Rondo tallied five points but posted 10 assists and two steals. The Sixers' balanced first - unit effort was paced by a pair of 24 - point efforts from the frontcourt tandem of Joel Embiid and Dario Saric. The former overcame an ankle issue to also produce 16 rebounds, two steals and one block, while the latter hauled in five boards and dished out four assists. J.J. Redick followed with 15 points, seven rebounds, two assists and two steals. Ben Simmons filled out the stat sheet in impressive fashion with 10 points, nine rebounds, eight assists, three steals and one block. Robert Covington totaled eight points, three rebounds, one assist and two blocks. Justin Anderson matched Covington's scoring total to lead the bench and also had one rebound and one assist. The Pelicans remain on the road and make the short trip to the Big Apple, where they'll face off with the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday night. The Sixers remain home and await a visit from the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday evening as well.