MIAMI--With 13 strikeouts through eight innings, Jose Fernandez wanted to keep pitching.
The Miami Marlins rookie told manager Mike Redmond he was going back out for the ninth.
When Redmond said no and the game went to the bottom of the ninth, Fernandez started to sneak onto the field anyway before returning to the bench with a grin.
A few minutes later, Fernandez was leaping over the dugout railing and onto the field to celebrate a 3 - 2 victory Sunday against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Fernandez (7 - 5) matched his career high with eight innings, broke the Marlins' rookie record for strikeouts and won a pitching duel against fellow rookie Gerrit Cole.
Fernandez allowed five hits and two runs, walked none and threw 74 of his 97 pitches for strikes.
Like Fernandez, Cole (5 - 4) was a first-round draft pick in 2011. He allowed three runs and struck out eight in seven innings.
Ditto regarding Fernandez, Cole said.
Giancarlo Stanton put the Marlins ahead to stay in the sixth inning with his 13th home run. Stanton also doubled, walked and scored twice for the Marlins, who had six hits.
Tino Martinez resigned as Miami's hitting coach following the game, hours after complaints by players that he verbally abused them became public. The young Marlins rank last in the majors in runs, home runs, batting and slugging.
Miami mustered just enough offense for Fernandez. He retired the side in order in the eighth to protect a 3 - 2 lead, then had a brief exchange with Redmond regarding the ninth inning.
Fernandez started out onto the field for the ninth anyway.
The Marlins are accustomed to such antics from the young right-hander.
Redmond said the decision to lift Fernandez wasn't easy.
The move nearly backfired. Steve Cishek gave up a single and a walk in the ninth, but retired Garrett Jones on a grounder for the final out to earn his 22nd save in 24 chances.
Miami has the worst record in the NL but took two of three games from the Pirates, who began the day with the second-best record in the majors. Pittsburgh went 5 - 5 on a three - city trip and begins a potentially pivotal five - game series at home against NL Central leader St. Louis on Monday.