NEW YORK (AP)--Yankee Stadium has a history of drama on the Fourth of July.
There was Lou Gehrig's farewell speech in 1939, and Dave Righetti's no-hitter against Boston in 1983. It's George Steinbrenner's birthday, so it's always an important date to circle on New York's calendar.
Kevin Youkilis made the final Fourth at the ballpark truly memorable, sparking a come-from-behind 6 - 4 victory for the Red Sox on Friday with one of the strangest triples you'll ever see.
Mike Lowell drove in four runs, including a tiebreaking, three - run homer in the fifth against Darrell Rasner (4 - 7), who lost for the seventh time in eight starts. But Youkilis created the lasting memory, hitting a drive that left New York's Johnny Damon with a sprained and bruised left shoulder, a momentum turner that sent the punchless Yankees to their fifth loss in six games.
With New York leading 3 - 1 in the third, Youkilis hit a two - out scorcher with two on. Damon raced back, jumped and gloved it but as he crashed into the left-field fence, the ball popped out of the webbing of his glove. It bounced up off the top of the wall.
And bounced. And bounced.
The ball came to rest on top of the fence, which was shaking from Damon's impact. And there the sphere sat, like the golf ball teetering over the cup in "Caddyshack." The sellout crowd of 55,130 at Yankee Stadium wondered: Would it fall behind for a home run, roll back onto the field or just sit there?
Finally, the ball dropped back in and landed near Damon, who was sprawled on the warning track. A fan behind the fence frantically pointed to the ball. Youkilis cruised into third base as Boston tied it at 3.
Damon checked his glove to determine whether he made the catch. Then he looked around for the ball.
Damon threw the ball back to the infield, threw his glove down and left the game. An MRI revealed a sprained acromioclavicular joint, and Damon said he would be out at least a few days. If the pain doesn't subside, he could wind up on the disabled list for the first time in a 14-season major league career.
Damon apologized to Rasner for not making the catch. He wasn't sure whether the shoulder popped out, and couldn't say whether he momentarily blacked out.
What would have been the call if the ball had remained on the top of the fence?
Even Mike Port, Major League Baseball's vice president of umpiring, wasn't positive.
The Yankees wore alternate caps for what was thought to be the first time in their history, participating in a promotion in which all big league teams' hats contained Stars & Stripes logos. The hats had no impact on their bats: The Yankees (45 - 42) have dropped nine of 14 following a season-high, seven - game winning streak. A postgame tongue-lashing from manager Joe Girardi following Thursday's 7 - 0 loss in the opener of the four - game series did little good.
New York fell into fourth in the AL East, percentage points behind Baltimore, six games back of the Red Sox and a season-high nine games behind division-leading Tampa Bay. The Yankees scored eight runs in their last five losses, batting.179. A day after going 0 - for - 10 with runners on base, the Yankees were 2 - for - 14.
Josh Beckett (8 - 5) recovered from a three - run first that included a two - run double by Alex Rodriguez. A-Rod came in on Jason Giambi's sacrifice fly, but New York didn't score again until Derek Jeter's RBI double with two outs in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon, a ball center fielder Coco Crisp gloved with a diving catch. Bell admitted umpires blew the call.
Bobby Abreu followed with a flyout to the warning track in center.