TORONTO--With Derek Jeter and Hideki Matsui sidelined by nagging injuries, New York Yankees manager Joe Girardi figured his team would need to scratch out some runs Wednesday night.
The three rookies at the bottom of the lineup proved him wrong.
Brett Gardner hit his first major league homer and finished with three RBIs in New York's 8 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays, sending Andy Pettitte to his first win in four starts.
Making his second straight start in place of Jeter (right oblique), rookie Ramiro Pena tripled and scored from the eighth spot. Right behind him, rookie catcher Francisco Cervelli picked up his first career RBI as the Yankees finished with 11 hits, including eight for extra bases, and improved to 11 - 0 when holding their opponent to three runs or less.
Batting in the seventh spot, Gardner hooked a 1 - 1 breaking ball over the wall in the right-field corner in the second before hitting a triple and scoring in the fifth.
Gardner's teammates presented him with a dummy memento ball, spelling his name wrong, writing the wrong date and saying the homer was a solo shot, not a two - run drive. He said the real one will go into his trophy case alongside his first career hit.
Teixeira finished 2 - for - 4 with a double and two RBIs, raising his average to.202.
Every Yankees starter except right fielder Nick Swisher reached base safely at least once. Besides Swisher, the only Yankees starter not to get a hit was Alex Rodriguez, who went 0 - for - 2 with three walks.
Jeter has not played since Sunday because of a sore right oblique and Girardi said he might not play again until Friday. Matsui left Tuesday's game after one at-bat with a tight right hamstring and is day-to-day.
Johnny Damon started as the DH and led off Wednesday while Swisher batted second.
Pettitte (3 - 1) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings to win for the first time since April 21.
Alfredo Aceves got six outs and Jonathan Albaladejo pitched around two walks and a single to finish it.
Toronto second baseman Aaron Hill scored on a throwing error by counterpart Robinson Cano in the first but the Yankees replied with a five - run, 10-batter second, chasing Scott Richmond.
Melky Cabrera led off with a double and scored when Gardner connected. Pena tripled and scored one out later on a triple by Damon. Swisher grounded out but Teixeira hit an RBI double, Rodriguez walked and Cano knocked Richmond out of the game with a run-scoring single.
The AL rookie of the month for April, Richmond (4 - 2) has lost both his starts in May. He allowed five runs and seven hits in 1 2/3 innings, the shortest outing of his 12-start career.
John McDonald replaced Hill in the field in the fifth. Hill fouled a ball off his left shin in the third but he said after the game it wasn't serious.