DETROIT--Jim Leyland never believed that Ryan Raburn had forgotten how to hit.
On Tuesday night, Detroit got an indication that he was right.
Raburn, who came into the game hitting.165, had two hits and drove in four runs, including a tiebreaking three - run homer in the fifth inning as the Tigers went on to their fourth straight win, 7 - 4 over the Washington Nationals.
Raburn's prolonged slump had caused him to lose his starting job to rookie Brennan Boesch. He was in the lineup Tuesday only because center fielder Austin Jackson was sidelined with back spasms, but he got a pregame tip from Tigers hitting coach Lloyd McClendon.
Raburn drew a bases-loaded walk in the second inning, then hit a leadoff single that started a two - run fourth to tie the game at 4 before hitting his first homer of the year in the next inning.
Magglio Ordonez returned to the Detroit lineup and tied a career high with four hits. He had missed the Tigers' previous six games with a strain in his side.
Max Scherzer (3 - 6) struck out nine in six innings. He allowed three earned runs and seven hits.
Jose Valverde picked up his 14th save with a scoreless ninth.
John Lannan (2 - 4) took the loss, giving up six earned runs in 4 1/3 innings. In his past two starts, Lannan has allowed 12 runs in nine innings.
Washington manager Jim Riggleman didn't think the two games had much in common.
Nyjer Morgan manufactured the game's first run. With one out in the Nationals first, he reached on a bunt single, stole second and continued to third on catcher Gerald Laird's throwing error, then scored on Ryan Zimmerman's sacrifice fly to shallow right field.
The Nationals got two more runs in the third on RBI singles by Josh Willingham and former Tiger Ivan Rodriguez.
The Tigers made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half when Miguel Cabrera beat the throw home on a grounder to first.
Mike Morse hit a leadoff homer in the Nationals fourth. Detroit tied it in its half of the fourth when Ordonez hit an RBI double and later scored on Carlos Guillen's sacrifice fly.
Laird led off the fifth with a single, and Danny Worth reached on second baseman Cristian Guzman's error before Raburn's first homer since Oct. 4.