LOS ANGELES--After scoring just one run over their last two games, the Oakland Athletics busted out against one of baseball's best pitching staffs.
Khris Davis, Matt Chapman and Jed Lowrie each went deep, and the Athletics pounded out 21 hits in a 16 - 6 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night.
Entering Wednesday, the Dodgers led the NL with a 2.47 ERA and trailed only the Astros (2.02) for the major league lead. Los Angeles has allowed one or fewer runs in six games this season, best in the majors.
The last time a Dodgers staff yielded 20 or more hits was July 25, 2015 against the Mets at Citi Field.
"Our bats came to life," Oakland manager Bob Melvin added. "We expected them to, but I didn't think we'd get 21 hits tonight. We feel like we can score any inning and anyone can contribute. Everyone was involved today."
The A's sent nine batters to the plate in the fourth inning and scored five runs to lead 7 - 1. Marcus Semien had a two - run double during the rally, and Chapman and starting pitcher Daniel Mengden each had an RBI single.
Semien had two hits and four RBI and extended his hitting streak to nine games. He is the only Athletics' player to reach base in all 13 games this season. Lowrie homered in the ninth and had four RBI.
Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Davis' two - out, two - run homer to right field. It marked only the second time this season Oakland has scored a run in the first inning and was the first homer allowed by left-hander Alex Wood this year. Davis and Jonathan Lucroy had three hits apiece.
Chapman had two hits, including his fourth homer of the season--a two run shot in the eighth--and has seven multihit games this season to lead the majors.
Mengden (1 - 2) made his first career start against Los Angeles and gave up four runs over five innings.
Wood (0 - 2), who won a career-high 16 games last season and was sporting a 1.93 ERA, lasted 3 2/3 innings and gave up seven runs on seven hits. He was returning from food poisoning last weekend.
Yasmani Grandal had three hits and slammed a solo shot for the Dodgers in the fourth. Enrique Hernandez also homered for Los Angeles, who had their 10-game interleague winning streak snapped.