SAN DIEGO--As they struggle to stay alive in the race for a postseason berth, the San Francisco Giants simply cannot figure out the rookie-laden San Diego Padres.
They lost 7 - 2 on Friday night to journeyman pitcher Edwin Jackson, who held them to four hits in six innings while getting all the backing he needed from All-Star Wil Myers, who hit a three - run home run off rookie Albert Suarez in the first inning.
It was the seventh loss in eight games against the Padres since the All-Star break.
The Giants swept the Padres three times in the season's first two months. Things turned dramatically, starting when the Padres swept the Giants in San Diego in the first series after the All-Star break. The Padres, who have gotten younger as the season advanced and they shed high-priced veterans, swept again in San Francisco last week.
The Giants dropped into the second wild card position, a game behind the New York Mets. San Francisco fell to seven games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West.
The Giants beat the Padres 2 - 1 on Thursday night but couldn't get much going Friday.
Jackson (5 - 6) won for just the second time in seven starts. He struck out five and walked five.
Suarez (3 - 5) fell behind 3 - 0 before recording an out. Jon Jay hit a leadoff single, rookie Carlos Asuaje doubled for his first big league hit and Myers homered into the party deck just beyond the fence in right-center, his 28th.
Buster Posey pulled the Giants to 3 - 2 with a two - run double off the wall in left-center with one out in the fifth.
But Giants reliever Matt Reynolds came on to start the bottom of the fifth and allowed four runs without getting an out. He allowed a leadoff single to Jay, a double to Asuaje and then intentionally walked Myers before walking Ryan Schimpt to bring in a run. He was chased by Alex Dickerson's two - run single to right. George Kontos came on and got the first out before Austin Hedges hit a sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 2.
Suarez allowed three runs and five hits in four innings, struck out one and walked one.