The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 140 - 128, at Fiserv Forum on Saturday evening. The Bucks (44 - 14) came in with a well - earned reputation as one of the most dominant home squads in the NBA, as they'd emerged victories in 24 of 28 contests at Fiserv Forum coming in. However, that didn't seem to faze a game Timberwolves (28 - 31) squad, which nearly kept up with Milwaukee during their 35 - point first quarter and then actually pulled ahead in the second to take a one - point lead into halftime. Minnesota managed to add one more point to their advantage during a spectacular third quarter during which the teams combined for 77 points, but the home squad finally found its defense in the fourth. The Bucks opened the final period on a 13 - 4 run and ultimately held the visitors to just 19 points in the final 12 minutes to claim a double - digit win. Derrick Rose paced the Timberwolves with 23 points, adding four assists and two rebounds. Taj Gibson chipped in 20 points along with six boards and one assist. Andrew Wiggins registered 18 points, nine boards and four assists. Anthony Tolliver contributed 17 points, five boards, one assist and one block. Josh Okogie delivered 14 points, two rebounds and one steal. Luol Deng furnished 10 points off the bench. Dario Saric had just seven points on 2 - for - 11 shooting but did also post eight rebounds, three assists and one steal. Khris Middleton led the Bucks with 28 points, adding seven rebounds and three assists. Giannis Antetokounmpo generated a 27 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists, two blocks and one steal. Brook Lopez turned in 19 points, seven boards, one assist, four blocks and one steal. Nikola Mirotic led the bench with 17 points. Eric Bledsoe and Malcolm Brogdon had matching 16 - point, five - rebound tallies, with Bledsoe also dishing out seven dimes. The Timberwolves head back home to face the Sacramento Kings on Monday night, while the Bucks travel to the Windy City for a Monday evening date with the Chicago Bulls.