TORONTO--An awful August for Baltimore's Dylan Bundy keeps getting worse.
Justin Smoak and Kendrys Morales hit back-to-back home runs off the right-hander, Aledmys Diaz and Billy McKinney also connected, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Baltimore 8 - 2 on Tuesday night, improving to 9 - 0 at home against the struggling Orioles.
Bundy (7 - 12) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings, the third straight start he has surrendered seven earned runs.
Bundy is 0 - 3 with a 9.28 ERA in four starts this month.
Bundy has been hit hard in consecutive starts against the Blue Jays, allowing 12 earned runs in nine innings of work.
Smoak and Morales chased Bundy with solo blasts two pitches apart in the fifth. Smoak's homer was his team-high 19th.
Morales, who homered twice in Monday's 5 - 3 win, has hit four home runs in his past three games, giving him 17 on the season.
One out later, McKinney took Ryan Meisinger deep for his first career homer, giving the Blue Jays their first three - homer inning since Aug. 23, 2017 against Tampa Bay. In that game, Ryan Goins, Raffy Lopez and Steve Pearce each homered off right-hander Austin Pruitt.
Morales finished 3 for 4 with two RBI while McKinney went 2 for 3 with three RBI.
Every Blue Jays starter had at least one hit except for second baseman Devon Travis, who went 0 for 4 and reached on an error in the first.
Diaz broke a 1 - 1 tie with a one - out blast off Bundy in the second. Bundy has allowed a major league-worst 33 home runs this season. No Orioles pitcher has allowed more since Jeremy Guthrie matched a club-worst by giving up 35 in 2009.
Blue Jays right-hander Sam Gaviglio (3 - 6) pitched seven innings to snap a 15-start winless streak, earning his first victory since May 25 at Philadelphia. Gaviglio allowed two runs and six hits.
Cedric Mullins hit a solo home run for the Orioles, who have lost three straight and 10 of 12. Baltimore is 1 - 11 against Toronto this season.
Baltimore's Chris Davis went 0 for 4 with four strikeouts. Davis has struck out 33 times in his past 66 at-bats.