NEW YORK--Tyler Clippard walked off the mound, stared straight ahead and walked to the dugout as many of the 39,853 fans at Yankee Stadium booed.
Cameron Maybin hit a tiebreaking home run on the struggling reliever's second pitch of the night, Kole Calhoun lined a double to right-center on his eighth, Albert Pujols hit a warning-track flyout on his 11th and Yunel Escobar tripled off the top of the left-field wall, just above the glove of leaping Brett Gardner, on his 12th and last.
In a little more than a week, New York's season has gone from promising to plummeting.
A week ago, the Yankees led the AL East by four games after winning the opener of a West Coast trip at Angel Stadium. But even with the return of closer Aroldis Chapman from the disabled list last weekend, New York dropped out of first place for the first time since mid-May and trails Boston by a half-game.
Even with reliever Adam Warren on the disabled list, Girardi is reluctant to use setup man Dellin Betances for six outs, preferring he pitch only the eighth to hold leads.
Aaron Judge hit his major league-leading 24th home run and Gary Sanchez his 12th as New York climbed back from a 3 - 0 deficit.
Clippard (1 - 4) allowed runs for the third time in four outings. After Jonathan Holder relieved, Luis Valbuena singled through a drawn-in infield to drive in another run.
Los Angeles, which outhit New York 14 - 4 despite missing injured AL MVP Mike Trout, had lost its nine previous games at Yankee Stadium and 18 of 21. In one of the season's quirkier stats, the Angels improved to 12 - 0 on Tuesdays.
Maybin had three hits and two RBI, including a run-scoring chopper in the eighth. Valbuena added a solo homer off Holder in the ninth.
Blake Parker (3 - 2) allowed Sanchez's tying home run in the sixth. Parker Bridwell, taking the rotation spot vacated when Matt Shoemaker went on the disabled list, gave up two runs, two hits and five walks in five innings.
Michael Pineda allowed three runs--one earned--and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings.
Los Angeles went ahead nine pitches in when Pujols' single scored Maybin, who doubled leading off, and the Angels opened a 3 - 0 lead in the second with a pair of unearned runs after Eric Young Jr.'s leadoff grounder rolled under the glove of first baseman Chris Carter for a two - base error.
Bridwell held the Yankees hitless through three innings, although he needed 65 pitches to do it.