MINNEAPOLIS--Despite 10 home runs in 10 career games at Target Field, Jose Bautista said there isn't anything special about the Minnesota Twins' ballpark that helps him find his swing.
It has more to do with the opposing pitching staff than the stadium.
Bautista homered for the third time in two nights, and Drew Hutchison threw six strong innings for his second career win.
Bautista has nine hits over his past 53 at-bats, but five of them have been home runs. He hit two in Friday night's loss, and his sixth-inning solo shot against Twins starter P. J. Walters (0 - 1) was the game-winner on Saturday.
"We just went out there and tried to get a good pitch to hit. He gave me a couple, but I managed to get the one that we needed."
It was all the Blue Jays needed, with the Twins sputtering offensively and Hutchison showing poise in just his fifth appearance above Double-A.
Hutchinson (2 - 1) allowed three hits with four walks and four strikeouts. Minnesota's run came in the fourth on a bases-loaded walk.
Francisco Cordero, Jason Frasor and Luis Perez combined for two innings of scoreless relief, and Casey Janssen picked up his second save in as many chances since taking over as closer for Cordero earlier in the week.
Walters made his Twins debut starting in place of Francisco Liriano, who was demoted to the bullpen earlier in the week. He pitched well in his first major league start since 2010, when he played for St. Louis, allowing six hits in six innings while striking out five.
The struggling Twins offense couldn't come up with a timely hit. Minnesota went 0 for 9 with runners in scoring position and stranded six runners over the final four innings.
Hutchison breezed through his first three innings before running into trouble in the fourth, when he gave up the bases-loaded walk to Trevor Plouffe to give Minnesota a 1 - 0 lead. The Jays tied it the next inning on Adam Lind's RBI single that scored Colby Rasmus.
Brian Dozier led off the sixth with a double off Hutchison, and Josh Willingham drew a one - out walk two batters later. But Hutchinson struck out Ryan Doumit and got Plouffe on a groundout.