BOSTON--Down two runs in the eighth inning, Boston's big guns had a chance to produce.
And Daniel Nava, Will Middlebrooks and Ryan Kalish did.
Who?
The trio with a combined 113 games of major league experience before this season teamed for a three - run, eighth-inning rally and the surging Red Sox completed a sweep of the stumbling Miami Marlins, 6 - 5 on Thursday night.
Boston tied the score on a two - run homer by Middlebrooks, who drove in four runs. Kalish then singled, raced to third on a groundout to first and scored on Nava's go-ahead single up the middle.
None of the three began the season in the majors.
Middlebrooks got there on May 2 when fellow third baseman Kevin Youkilis went on the disabled list, Nava on May 10 and Kalish last Sunday. Middlebrooks is batting.316 with eight homers and 31 RBIs in 38 games while sharing time with Youkilis.
Nava is hitting.340 in 35 games and Kalish is hitting. 267 in four games. All three have been aggressive on the basepaths.
The Red Sox won their fifth straight game and seventh in their last eight as they matched their season-best mark of three games over.500.
Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 opportunities. Scott Atchison (2 - 0) allowed one hit over the seventh and eighth.
The Marlins took a lead in all three games but lost them all as they dropped their fourth straight overall and 13th in their last 15.
Miami went ahead 5 - 3 with two runs in the sixth. Giancarlo Stanton, in a 2 for 31 slump, hit his first homer in 12 games and 15th of the season to make it 4 - 3. That ended Daisuke Matsuzaka's streak of 14 consecutive outs and brought in lefty Andrew Miller.
He retired the next batter before giving up a single to Greg Dobbs and a run-scoring double to Omar Infante.
Jarrod Saltalamacchia started the winning rally in the eighth with a double off Randy Choate. Edward Mujica (0 - 3) came in and served up Middlebrooks' long, tying shot.
Then Nava, who had six singles in the past two games, lined a clean single to center.
In just his third start of the season since having Tommy John elbow surgery on June 10, 2011, Matsuzaka gave up a leadoff single in the first to Jose Reyes, who went to third on a slow grounder to shortstop Mike Aviles, who got the out at first. Stanton walked and stole second and both runners scored on a single by Dobbs. After Dobbs stole second, he came in on a single by Infante.
Matsuzaka ended the inning by retiring Scott Cousins on a fly ball to center and didn't allow another runner until Stanton homered.
Carlos Zambrano gave up one hit through three innings before Boston tied the game with two runs in the fourth and one in the fifth.
Zambrano hit the first two batters, Cody Ross and Saltalamacchia, in the fourth. Ross scored on a single by Middlebrooks and Saltalamacchia came in on a sacrifice fly by Aviles.
The Red Sox evened the score at 3 on another RBI single by Middlebrooks, driving in Adrian Gonzalez, who led off the fifth with a walk.