KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)--Exactly what brought Garret Anderson out of a frightful early-season slump and put him on a power surge remains a mystery.
"You just wouldn't understand," Anderson politely but firmly told reporters Tuesday night after driving in every run in the
Los Angeles Angels' 5 - 3 victory over the Kansas City Royals.
After going almost two weeks without driving in a run, Anderson has two homers and seven RBIs in two games in Kansas City. He had a two - run shot Monday night and victimized Brian Bannister (3 - 4) for a three - run drive Tuesday that tied it 3-all in the fourth.
Then he made it 4 - 3 with an RBI single in the fifth and 5 - 3 with a second RBI single in the seventh when Royals manager Trey Hillman inexplicably let Bannister pitch to him one more time.
Anderson did say the adjustment was not mechanical.
So did something suddenly just "click?"
"You wouldn't understand," repeated the 14-year veteran who holds Angels records for RBIs, games and hits. "You just wouldn't understand. It's not a personal attack."
Vladimir Guerrero tripled, doubled and walked and scored two runs for the Angels, who went to a season-best nine games over.500 with their major league-leading 12th road victory.
Nick Adenhart went 4 1/3 innings in his second major league start and gave up three runs and six hits. He walked five. The 21-year-old right-hander left several exasperated batters glowering at plate umpire Mike Everitt, who called three third strikes and appeared to be giving the rookie right-hander a generous portion of both the inside and outside corner of the plate.
Adenhart was lifted after walking Billy Butler and Alex Gordon with one out in the fifth and the bullpen proceeded to shut down the American League's poorest-scoring offense, preserving the Angels' sixth win in eight games.
Darren Oliver (2 - 1) struck out Mark Teahen and Miguel Olivo to end the fifth and got the victory with 1 2/3 innings of relief, getting five outs on only 15 pitches. Francisco Rodriguez, the fifth Angel pitcher, worked a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances.
It was the second straight rough outing for Bannister (3 - 4), who yielded 13 of the Angels' 15 hits and all five runs in 6 2/3 innings. He walked two and struck out three.
Anderson was so hot, he was hitting Bannister even when he wasn't supposed to.
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead off Adenhart on back-to-back RBI doubles by Olivo and Ross Gload in the second and Gordon's RBI double in the third.
Kansas City, which came into the game with an AL-low 107 runs, loaded the bases against Justin Speier with one out in the seventh on two singles and a walk. But Mark Teahen struck out, making him 0 - for - 3 with runners in scoring position, and Olivo popped up.