TORONTO--Jered Weaver wasn't going to sulk about one awful outing. In fact, he even had a song ready for the occasion.
Adam Lind hit a grand slam, Edwin Encarnacion and Mark Teahen also went deep, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Weaver and the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 2 on Saturday.
All three homers came off Weaver, who allowed eight runs and eight hits, both season highs, in 4 2/3 innings, his shortest outing of the year.
The right-hander, who had won eight of nine decisions, saw his AL-leading ERA rise from 1.78 to 2.13.
Weaver (14 - 6) was pitching for the first time since Aug. 5 after serving a six - game suspension for throwing over the head of Detroit's Alex Avila in a loss on July 31. The Angels ace originally appealed the suspension, but decided last Saturday to serve his punishment in full. Still, he acknowledged feeling "rusty" after a seven - day layoff.
Riding a streak of 15 consecutive quality starts, Weaver was in trouble from the get-go against Toronto, surrendering a two - run shot to Encarnacion in the first, the 10th homer of the season for the Blue Jays infielder.
Toronto added one more in the second on back-to-back doubles by Rajai Davis and John McDonald, then blew it open with a five - run fifth.
Yunel Escobar hit a one - out double before walks to Eric Thames and Encarnacion loaded the bases for Lind, who drove Weaver's first pitch over the wall in right for his 20th homer and third career grand slam. One out later, Teahen chased Weaver with a solo drive to right, his fourth.
The slumping Lind had just eight hits in 58 at-bats before the grand slam--his 100th career home run. He homered for the first time since July 26 against Baltimore.
The beneficiary of Toronto's offensive outburst was Ricky Romero, who won his fourth straight start for the second time in his career. The left-hander allowed one run and two hits in seven innings. He walked two and struck out three.
Romero (11 - 9), who also won four straight in his 2009 rookie season, has an ERA of 1.15 over his past four outings and has allowed just 11 hits in 31 1/3 innings.
The Angels' lone run against Romero came on a leadoff homer by Alberto Callaspo in the fifth.
The Blue Jays piled on with three more in the sixth against reliever Joel Pineiro. McDonald singled and went to third when shortstop Andrew Romine made a throwing error on a potential double-play grounder. Thames walked to load the bases for Encarnacion, who drove in a run with a sharp infield single to third. Lind followed with a sacrifice fly, and J. P. Arencibia capped it with an RBI single to center.
Trever Miller worked a scoreless eighth, and Luis Perez gave up a sacrifice fly to Mark Trumbo in the ninth.