WASHINGTON--Even if the Atlanta Braves are 0 - 6 for the first time in nearly 30 years, manager Fredi Gonzalez decided he didn't want his players moping around in a silent clubhouse.
Instead, he told them to crank up the music.
So a playlist consisting of Justin Bieber's "Sorry," Michael Jackson's "Black or White" and Journey's "Don't Stop Believin" filled the room Monday night after the Braves' 6 - 4 loss to the Washington Nationals, who used Wilson Ramos' four singles and two RBI to help cover up a shaky start by Max Scherzer.
The Braves, who led Washington 2 - 0 and 4 - 3, are off to their worst start since dropping their first 10 games in 1988.
Only three major league clubs have reached the postseason after starting 0 - 6, according to STATS LLC: Pittsburgh (1974), Cincinnati (1995) and Tampa Bay (2011).
Scherzer (1 - 0), pitching on a full week's rest, won despite allowing two - run doubles to A. J. Pierzynski and Nick Markakis in the first two innings. The righty wound up going six innings and didn't let Atlanta score again in front of a sparse crowd announced as 18,119.
Ramos drove in the go-ahead run off Norris in the fifth, breaking a 4-all tie, and added insurance with an RBI single off Alexi Ogando in the seventh.
Daniel Murphy hit a two - run shot off Norris in the first. He is hitting.471 with two homers and seven RBI in the first season of a $37.5 million, three - year contract.
Four Nationals relievers combined for three scoreless innings, including Jonathan Papelbon, who earned his fourth save.
Mallex Smith had an eventful major league debut on the day he was recalled from Triple-A Gwinnett and immediately put in Atlanta's starting lineup as the center fielder and leadoff hitter.
The 22-year-old Smith, at Double-A for part of last season, struck out on three pitches in his first at-bat. He reached on an infield single in the second and came around to score. Then, in the fourth, he got thrown out by Ramos while trying to steal second base. On that play, Smith was cut above the left eye while sliding and left the game.
He wound up needing five stitches.