DETROIT--Victor Martinez drove in three runs to help Detroit to a much-needed win, then offered a bit of a plea to Tigers fans who have been losing patience with the AL Central favorites.
"As a fan, if you're going to be with us when we're doing good, we really need the fans when we're struggling too."
Martinez had three hits, and Nick Castellanos homered and tripled to lead the Tigers to an 8 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night.
Detroit rallied from a 4 - 1 deficit and snapped a four - game losing streak, but the Tigers remained a half-game behind first-place Kansas City.
The Tigers are suddenly facing adversity amid mounting injuries. They had to send Buck Farmer to the mound to make his major league debut, and he allowed four runs in five innings.
Blaine Hardy (2 - 1) followed with two scoreless innings of relief, lowering his ERA to 2.05. He's been a rare bright spot in a bullpen that's been unreliable.
Castellanos put Detroit ahead 5 - 4 with a solo homer off Vance Worley (5 - 2) in the sixth. Martinez added a bases-loaded single in the seventh.
The Tigers returned home after going 2 - 7 on a road trip against the New York Yankees, Toronto and Pittsburgh. A 19-inning loss to the Blue Jays stretched the pitching staff thin, and Anibal Sanchez and Justin Verlander are nursing injuries.
The game was tied at 1 in the fourth when Pittsburgh's Jordy Mercer hit an RBI triple and Travis Snider followed with a two - run homer. The Tigers tied it with three runs in the fifth.
Alex Avila led off with a homer to make it 4 - 2, and after a single by Eugenio Suarez, Ezequiel Carrera hit a grounder to second. Jayson Nix tried to make a tough throw to second to get the lead runner, but his throw was poor, and the error helped Detroit to a big inning. Miguel Cabrera eventually hit a sacrifice fly, and Martinez tied it with a two - out RBI single.
Castellanos hit his ninth homer of the year with one out in the sixth.
Worley allowed five runs--three earned--and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings.
TOUGH SPOT: Farmer has spent most of this season at Class A West Michigan, and he was called up from Double-A Erie to make this start for the Tigers. He made it through the order the first time without allowing a hit, but the Pirates scored a run in the third and three in the fourth.
He allowed six hits and a walk and struck out four, and the Tigers were able to rally after he left the game.
OUTFIELD PROBLEMS: Pittsburgh center fielder Starling Marte made a diving attempt on Castellanos' hit in the second, and the ball got past him for a triple. Right fielder Gregory Polanco couldn't handle Torii Hunter's double in the fourth, and Polanco's long run to right-center in the seventh was for naught when he was unable to make the catch on Carrera's drive, which went for a triple.
FOR THE BIRDS: Worley and Cabrera both seemed distracted by two birds that settled in between the mound and the plate while Cabrera was batting in the first. Cabrera stepped out and waved his bat at them, then Worley rolled a ball to the plate, trying to shoo them away.