CLEVELAND--Victor Martinez wasn't sure how to react to his first game-ending home run--so he slid into a pile of joyous teammates at home plate.
Martinez hit a three - run homer with one out in the 11th inning and the Cleveland Indians hurt the Minnesota Twins' playoff chances with a 12 - 9 win Tuesday night.
The Twins rallied from an early seven - run deficit, but left 13 runners on base as they lost their third straight and fell 2 1/2 games behind the Chicago White Sox in the AL Central with 11 games remaining.
Franklin Gutierrez opened the 11th with a line single off Joe Nathan (0 - 2) and went to second on a sacrifice bunt by Ben Francisco. Jhonny Peralta walked and Martinez hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right-center for his second homer.
"I hit it good, then watched and was hoping it would go out. I am so happy because man, he's one of the greatest closers. He's real tough."
Martinez's season has been tough. The two - time All-Star averaged 21 homers and 99 RBIs over the previous four seasons, but missed two months this year after having elbow surgery in June and went 202 at-bats before hitting his first homer on Sept. 2.
Tom Mastny (2 - 2) gave up one hit in the 11th and earned the win.
Minnesota will seek to salvage the last of three games in Cleveland on Wednesday night, sending right-hander Scott Baker to the mound on three days' rest. Baker, who pitched Saturday in Baltimore when his start was moved back a day because of rain, will face 22-game winner Cliff Lee.
Martinez didn't particularly relish facing Nathan, either. He came to the plate 1 - for - 10 in his career against the right-hander, who never allowed a homer to end a game in his first 427 career appearances.
The Twins scored twice in the top of the eighth to take a 9 - 8 lead on an RBI double by Justin Morneau and a go-ahead sacrifice fly by Delmon Young. Morneau's hit snapped an 0 - for - 15 streak.
Grady Sizemore hit his 32nd homer, off the foul pole in right field to tie it at 9, against Eddie Guardado in the bottom half. Sizemore had been 0 - for - 8 with three strikeouts in his career against the veteran left-hander.
Ryan Garko homered and drove in four runs to help Cleveland to an 8 - 1 lead.
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Cuddyer's RBI single by off Zach Jackson.
Garko hit a three - run homer and Asdrubal Cabrera added a solo shot in the second off Twins starter Francisco Liriano to put Cleveland ahead 4 - 1.
Cleveland added four runs in the third, helped by two errors by the Twins and a wild pitch by Liriano.
Liriano gave up a career-high eight runs--four earned--and six hits over 2 2/3 innings in his worst outing since being recalled from Triple-A Rochester. The left-hander had been 5 - 0 with a 1.57 ERA in eight starts since rejoining the Twins on Aug. 1.
Liriano went 12 - 3 in 2006 before missing all of 2007 after elbow surgery.
The Twins got five hits and four runs in the fifth to pull within 8 - 5.
Gomez hit an RBI double and scored on Matt Tolbert's single. Mauer added an RBI single and another run scored on a groundout by Morneau.
Jackson gave up nine hits and seven runs over 5 1/3 innings in his seventh start since being acquired as part of the trade that sent CC Sabathia to Milwaukee in July.
Trailing 8 - 7 in the seventh, Minnesota loaded the bases with one out on two walks by reliever Brendan Donnelly and a catcher's interference call on Martinez. Carlos Gomez, already with three RBIs, then lined a 1 - 1 pitch directly at third baseman Andy Marte, who stepped on the bag to complete an inning-ending double play.