CINCINNATI--The Reds couldn't even get a hit through five innings. With the help of a couple of wild pitches, they got just what they needed to pull out a victory.
Adam Duvall doubled home the tying run in the seventh and scored on Sonny Gray's second wild pitch of the inning Friday night, rallying Cincinnati Reds to its first interleague win of the season, 2 - 1 over the slumping Oakland Athletics.
The Reds had dropped their first seven interleague games and didn't manage a hit off Gray (3 - 6) through the first five innings. Gray, who made his first All-Star team last season but didn't pitch in the game at Great American Ball Park, let a 1 - 0 lead slip away in the seventh.
Brandon Phillips singled for Cincinnati's second hit and advanced on a wild pitch. Duvall doubled for the tying run, advanced on Eugenio Suarez's infield single, and scored on another errant throw by Gray, who leads the majors with 11 wild pitches.
Blake Wood (5 - 1) pitched two innings in relief of Anthony DeSclafani, who made his first start since returning from an oblique injury.
Vogt homered off DeSclafani for Oakland's run. Tony Cingrani gave up a hit in the ninth while earning his sixth save in 11 chances.
Oakland has lost a season-high six straight games, all on the road.
The A's visited for the first time since 2013. They are 10 - 7 all-time against the Reds in interleague play. The teams have met twice in the World Series, with Oakland winning in 1972 and Cincinnati in 1990.
In his second start since returning from a strained upper back muscle, Gray faced the minimum 15 batters through five innings and didn't give up a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled with one out in the sixth.
Gray has lost his last five decisions, the longest slump of his career. He gave up five hits and one walk.
DeSclafani was picked to start the season opener, but a strained oblique sidelined him for more than two months. He gave up eight hits, three walks and hit a batter in six innings, but got two double plays to limit the damage. Also, Khris Davis was thrown out at the plate when he tried to score from third on Marcus Semien's grounder in the sixth inning.
Jed Lowrie grounded into a double play ahead of Vogt's homer in the third, which snapped the catcher's 0 - for - 9 slump. It was the 102nd homer allowed by the Reds, the most in the majors.