The Indiana Pacers defeated the New York Knicks, 121 - 113, at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday evening. The Pacers (32 - 25) came into the contest looking like the clear - cut favorites on paper, considering both their superior record and the short - handed nature of the Knicks' (23 - 24) rotation. Having recently lost Kristaps Porzingis for the season with a torn ACL, New York was initially expected to also be without center Enes Kanter for a second consecutive game due to recent oral surgery. However, Kanter was subsequently declared as available earlier in the afternoon, affording the visitors some much - needed firepower. It appeared to certainly benefit them early, as New York forged a 37 - 36 lead after a high - scoring first quarter. However, the hosts began to exert their will in the second, resulting in a 68 - 62 halftime advantage. Both defenses played slightly better coming out of intermission, but the Pacers added another four points to their cushion to head into the final 12 minutes with a 94 - 84 edge. They were able to maintain double - digit distance for the majority of the fourth quarter, with the Knicks' last hurrah coming when they got within six points at the 1:10 mark following a Frank Ntilikina 27 - foot three - point jumper. Strong shooting and rebounding were both pivotal for the home squad, as they posted a 50 percent success rate from the field - - including 43 percent from three - point range - - while also winning the battle on the glass, 54 - 45. Kanter and Tim Hardaway, Jr. co - led the Knicks with matching 17 - point efforts. The former also hauled in 11 rebounds and dished out one assist, while the latter provided three assists, one rebound and two steals. Michael Beasley drew the start at power forward and generated a 16 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists. Courtney Lee, Kyle O'Quinn and trade - deadline acquisition Emmanuel Mudiay all posted 14 - point efforts. Lee also registered four assists and one steal, O'Quinn totaled nine rebounds, two assists and three blocks and Mudiay dished out 10 dimes and hauled in a pair of boards. Ntilikina tallied 12 points, three rebounds and one assist. Veteran Jarrett Jack was significantly outpaced and outplayed by both of his young position mates, as he only managed two points and two rebounds in a scant eight minutes of playing time. Victor Oladipo spearheaded the Pacers with 30 points, a total he supplemented with nine assists, eight rebounds, six steals and one block. Bojan Bogdanovic turned in 20 points, three rebounds and two assists. Thaddeus Young produced an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included five assists and one block. Lance Stephenson contributed 15 points, four rebounds, two assists and one steal. Myles Turner collected 13 points, six rebounds and one block. Joe Young delivered 11 points, three rebounds and one assist. Al Jefferson and Domantas Sabonis accounted for matching six - point tallies, with Jefferson also responsible for three rebounds, one assist and two blocks, and Sabonis pulling in 10 boards and recording a trio of dimes. Cory Joseph started at point guard once again for Darren Collison (knee) but could only muster two points, six rebounds and four assists over 21 minutes. The Knicks will look to snap what is now a six - game losing streak when they take on the Philadelphia 76ers in a road matchup Monday night, while the Pacers are off until Wednesday evening when they face off with the Brooklyn Nets in the Big Apple.