ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)--Torii Hunter's day started with a bump--to his new Bentley. It ended with a catch--a homer-saving grab with two outs in the ninth inning on a drive by Richie Sexson.
Hunter shrugged off the stiffness in his neck and back from the fender-bender on the way to the ballpark to make the catch that preserved the Los Angeles Angels' 5 - 4 win over the Seattle Mariners on Friday night.
Hunter also doubled his first three times up, driving in three runs with his first two - base hit about 5 hours after getting rear-ended by a driver talking on a hands-free cell phone. The seven - time Gold Glove winner was waiting at a stop light when the accident occurred. No one in either vehicle was seriously injured.
Sexson, who already had driven in four runs with a pair of homers against lefty Joe Saunders (3 - 0), hit a towering drive off Angels closer Francisco Rodriguez. Hunter, known for his home run-stealing catches, timed his leap at the wall perfectly and came down with the ball and a big smile.
Rodriguez, pitching for the fifth time in six days, barely earned his seventh save.
Saunders allowed four runs and six hits over eight innings with two strikeouts and no walks. All of the runs against the left-hander came on Sexson's homers. Sexson came in batting.218 and left with his 24th multihomer game.
R. A. Dickey (0 - 1) gave up singles to his first two batters before walking DH Vladimir Guerrero, who missed Thursday night's win over Kansas City because of a swollen right index finger. Hunter then lined a 1 - 2 pitch down the left-field line, continued to third on shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt's relay throw to the plate and tried to score when the ball got past catcher Kenji Johjima. But Dickey backed up the play and threw to Johjima for the tag on Hunter.
Hunter doubled his next time up, a slicing drive to right-center that grazed center fielder Ichiro Suzuki's glove as he attempted a diving catch. In the sixth, Hunter hit a drive to the fence in left-center to tie a franchise record for most doubles in a game. All of them came off Dickey's knuckleball, which the right-hander began throwing in 2005.
The two - time All-Star could have had four consecutive doubles had it not been for third baseman Adrian Beltre, who stretched toward the foul line to backhand Hunter's vicious line drive against Arthur Rhodes in the seventh.
Dickey making his first start in the majors since April 6, 2006, was charged with five runs and eight hits over six innings while filling in for the injured Erik Bedard.
Seattle reliever Sean Green faced three batters in the seventh, hitting two batters. Guerrero took one flush on the left side of the helmet as he went into a defensive crouch, but stayed in the game.