CLEVELAND--Carlos Zambrano is happy, relaxed and enjoying life with his new team.
Zambrano, often combative and tempermental earlier in his career, pitched seven strong innings to help the Miami Marlins open interleague play by beating the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 Friday night.
Miami broke a 2 - 2 tie in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Hanley Ramirez. All three Marlins runs were scored by batters who had started rallies with walks.
Marlins center fielder Emilio Bonifacio left with a strained left thumb in the fifth inning and will be examined Saturday.
Zambrano gave up four hits and two runs as he continued a strong first season in Miami after 11 years with the Chicago Cubs. The right-hander has a 1.96 ERA in eight starts since being acquired in a January trade.
"I was a little worried because they have so many lefties in their lineup and he's had trouble with lefties sometimes, but he did well."
Heath Bell worked the ninth for only his fourth save in eight chances. He had pitched twice since Guillen removed him from the closer's role a week ago.
Indians manager Manny Acta noticed another change in Zambrano--the veteran's ability to rely on pitches other than his fastball.
Zambrano walked five, including Johnny Damon three times.
Bryan Petersen opened the Miami eighth with a walk off Tony Sipp (0 - 2) and was bunted to second by Jose Reyes. Right-hander Joe Smith came on and got Omar Infante to hit a bouncer back to him. Smith whirled and threw to second, but the ball hit Petersen and rolled into right field for an error, putting Marlins on first and third.
Ramirez then flied out to center, scoring Petersen for the second time. Petersen also walked to open the third against Indians starter Justin Masterson, was singled to third by Reyes and scored on Infante's forceout grounder.
Masterson, aware that Bonifacio was 20 for 20 in steals, threw over to first base four times to keep the runner close in the fifth. On one of the pickoff attempts, Bonifacio jammed his hand as he dove back to the base. He then was thrown out by catcher Carlos Santana.
Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the second.
Damon drew a two - out walk and scored from first on Casey Kotchman's ground double into the right-field corner. After Jose Lopez walked, Shin-Soo Choo singled home Kotchman.
The Marlins tied it at 2 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Giancarlo Stanton.
Masterson gave up two runs and six hits over seven innings, bouncing back from a poor start Sunday in Boston when he gave up six runs over six innings of a 12 - 1 loss to the Red Sox.