CHICAGO--After getting roughed up last month in a start at Houston, John Danks decided to break down his delivery and make a number of mechanical changes.
The result has been a remarkable turnaround, which Danks continued with seven solid innings Wednesday night as the Chicago White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 2.
Wednesday's win moved the White Sox within 2 1/2 games of the Tigers for the division lead, but even with this season's reversal of fortunes, nobody is ready to brag about the standings, Doug Padilla writes.
Jose Abreu hit an early homer off Detroit starter Justin Verlander, then singled to start a seven - run burst in the sixth inning that gave Danks all the support he needed as the White Sox won for the second straight time against the American League Central leaders.
Abreu went 3 - for - 4 with a walk and scored twice. The Cuban rookie has 19 home runs and 50 RBIs this season.
He has been the catalyst behind the surprising White Sox (33 - 33) staying within striking distance, but the star in this game was the crafty left-hander and his 80 mph (or slower) changeup.
Danks (5 - 5) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings. He has permitted just five runs in 29 1/3 innings over his past four starts since allowing eight runs (seven earned) in 4 2/3 innings at Houston last month.
Verlander (6 - 6) gave up seven runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings as the Tigers lost their third in a row.
The seven runs in an inning matched a season high for Chicago. The White Sox also scored seven May 9 against Arizona.
Abreu connected on Verlander's first pitch of the second inning for a solo homer over the left-center field wall.
Detroit tied it in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera doubled and scored on a groundout by Torii Hunter.
Singles by Abreu, Adam Dunn and Alexei Ramirez loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth. Dayan Viciedo grounded into a double play, and Abreu scored for a 2 - 1 lead.
It appeared as if Verlander might escape with just one run scoring, but Alejandro De Aza followed with a bloop single for a run, and Adrian Nieto and Adam Eaton drew walks to load the bases.
That brought up Gordon Beckham, and Detroit manager Brad Ausmus kept Verlander in the game despite the right-hander having thrown 121 pitches to that point. The next pitch was a 96 mph fastball that Beckham lined for a two - run single.
Reliever Ian Krol faced three batters and retired no one. He gave up a two - run double to Conor Gillaspie and--following an intentional walk to Abreu--an RBI single to Dunn.
With the way Danks was pitching, the cushion was more than enough.