PHILADELPHIA--Maikel Franco has quickly developed a knack for clutch hits.
Cody Asche scored from second base on a fielding error by pitcher Ryan Mattheus in the 11th inning, lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5 - 4 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night after Franco hit a tying, three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth.
"It's a great feeling for everybody," said Franco, who hit a tying, two - run homer in the eighth in Philadelphia's 5 - 4 win Tuesday night.
Cincinnati starter Mike Leake took a no-hitter into the seventh before Franco lined a single up the middle with two outs.
In the 11th, Asche hit a double down the left-field line off Mattheus (0 - 1) with one out. Freddy Galvis then hit a grounder to first baseman Joey Votto. Mattheus covered the bag, but couldn't catch the toss and Asche came around to score.
The Phillies have two straight walk-off wins after losing seven games in a row.
"We fight to the end," Galvis said.
Seeking his first career shutout in 153 starts, Leake started the ninth with a 4 - 0 lead. But he left after consecutive singles by pinch-hitter Ben Revere and Jeff Francoeur.
Center fielder Billy Hamilton helped Chapman with a diving catch on Chase Utley's liner to left-center that was a sacrifice fly. After Ryan Howard walked, Franco hit a 98 mph fastball way out to left-center.
"I know he throws hard and wasn't going to throw many breaking balls, so I waited for one pitch," Franco said.
Franco, the Phillies' top prospect, was promoted from Triple-A last month and inserted into the five - hole in the lineup behind Howard. Franco has four homers and 13 RBIs in 18 games.
"You really see the ball jumping off his bat," Phillies manager Ryne Sandberg said. "Those late-inning runs off relievers are tough to come by. He has confidence in there. He's ready to hit."
Chapman had converted 29 straight save chances, dating to last year, and was 9 for 9 this season before blowing his first since June 28, 2014. His streak was the longest active one in the majors.
"It's hard to put into words," dejected Reds manager Bryan Price said. "That's two straight games we couldn't finish them."
Luis Garcia (2 - 1) pitched a scoreless 11th to earn the win after allowing a leadoff double to Votto.
Philadelphia starter Cole Hamels gave up two runs and six hits, striking out eight in seven innings. He remained 10 - 0 against the Reds, including playoffs. The ace lefty was a hard-luck loser last Friday when the Phillies were no-hit for 7 1 - 3 innings by Colorado's Chad Bettis in a 4 - 1 loss.
Leake was 0 - 3 with a 12.86 ERA in his previous three starts. But he dominated the Phillies. Leake retired his first 11 batters before walking Utley on a close 3 - 2 pitch. He hopped off the mound, thinking it was strike three. Leake also walked Carlos Ruiz in the sixth.
Brandon Phillips hit a two - run single to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth. Votto hit a two - run homer off Jake Diekman in the ninth, driving it 428 feet the opposite way to the left-center seats for a 4 - 0 lead.
Reds first base coach Billy Hatcher dove out of the way on a wild throw by Franco after Zack Cozart hit a grounder to third in the ninth.