CHICAGO--For 11 straight batters in the eighth inning, the St. Louis Cardinals were unstoppable.
It was an emphatic response to a heartbreaking loss.
Paul DeJong hit a tiebreaking two - run double in St. Louis' highest-scoring inning of the season, and the Cardinals cooled off the Chicago Cubs with an 11 - 4 victory on Friday.
Chicago carried a 3 - 2 lead into the eighth, looking for its seventh consecutive win. But St. Louis' first 11 batters reached in its biggest inning since it scored nine in the eighth against the Cubs on Aug. 30, 2014, at Busch Stadium. The Cardinals made the most of a combined six walks by three relievers while improving to 4 - 4 since the All-Star break.
St. Louis blew a late one - run lead in a 3 - 2 loss to the New York Mets on Thursday. The game ended when reliever Trevor Rosenthal was late covering first on Jose Reyes' winning single with two outs in the ninth.
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny was interested in his team's response, and his players provided an answer.
Carl Edwards Jr. (3 - 2) was pulled after the first three batters reached. Hector Rondon then walked Jedd Gyorko, tying it at 3, and DeJong followed with a drive into the ivy in right-center for a ground-rule double.
The Cardinals were off and running from there. Carson Kelly hit a two - run double in his first game since being recalled from Triple-A Memphis. Tommy Pham's two - run single made it 11 - 3 before Dexter Fowler bounced into a double play.
When DeJong, the 14th batter of the inning, struck out swinging with runners on second and third for the final out, the crowd of 42,186 cheered sarcastically.
Willson Contreras hit a two - run homer for Chicago, and Ben Zobrist had three hits. Jake Arrieta pitched six effective innings, allowing two runs and five hits.
The Cubs played without third baseman Kris Bryant, who sprained his left little finger on a headfirst slide in the first inning of Chicago's 8 - 2 victory at Atlanta on Wednesday. X-rays were negative, but Bryant is experiencing soreness and there is some concern about gripping a bat.
Fowler had three hits for St. Louis, and Randal Grichuk homered in his return from a lower back injury. Matt Bowman (2 - 3) got the final out of the seventh for the win.