BOSTON--The last time the Red Sox beat New York six straight times to start the season, the Yankees were known as the Highlanders and it was the bandbox in Boston that was brand new.
Josh Beckett allowed only an infield hit in six innings, and David Ortiz hit his third homer of the year as Red Sox beat the Yankees 7 - 0 on Tuesday night and improved to 6 - 0 against New York for the first time since 1912.
The Red Sox beat the New York Highlanders in 14 straight to start the 1912 season, including the first-ever game in Fenway Park. Fenway is now the oldest ballpark in the major leagues; the original Yankee Stadium, which was replaced this season by a $1.5 billion replica, hadn't even been built yet.
Beckett (7 - 2) noted that Alex Rodriguez was recovering from hip surgery for the first five losses, "so we'll start counting after that."
Beckett struck out eight and walked two before leaving with a 6 - 0 lead after six innings, having thrown 93 pitches in a steady drizzle. The only hit he allowed was Robinson Cano's fourth-inning grounder to the left of second baseman Dustin Pedroia, who slid to come up with the ball but couldn't make the throw that had little chance of getting the batter anyway.
It was ruled a base hit by official scorer Mike Shalin.
Beckett struck out Jorge Posada to end the inning, then retired the last six batters he faced, fanning three of them, for his third consecutive victory. In all, only three batters hit the ball out of the infield against him.
Brett Gardner had the Yankees' only other hit, off Manny Delcarmen in the eighth.
A. J. Burnett (4 - 3) allowed three earned runs on five walks and five hits before leaving with two outs in the third and taking out his frustrations on a dugout watercooler. He gave up Ortiz's two - run shot to straightaway center field in Boston's four - run second, when Rodriguez double-clutched on a grounder for an error that gave Boston an extra out.
Burnett walked Mike Lowell to start the inning, then Ortiz hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the high center field wall about 400 feet from home plate. Responding to the fans' "Papi!" chants, he came out for a curtain call.
It was the second homer in three games for the struggling slugger, who hit 54 in 2006 but has been moved from third to sixth in the Red Sox order as he tries to pull his batting average above.200.
On Monday, he went to the eye doctor. His vision was pronounced fine, but he was given eye drops to deal with dryness.
Nick Green homered and added an RBI double for Boston.