The Detroit Pistons defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 104 - 98, at Little Caesars Arena on Wednesday evening. The Pistons (28 - 29) haven't exactly been the picture of consistency this season, but they still came into the contest as fairly solid favorites against a Hawks (18 - 41) squad that's struggled to generate any type of extended winning streak, and that was missing its starting backcourt of Dennis Schroder (back) and Kent Bazemore (rest). The first half pretty much went according to script, as the home squad established a comfortable 45 - 33 halftime lead. To their credit, Atlanta awoke from their offensive slumber to an extent during intermission, scoring 28 points in the third period. However, in allowing Detroit to compile 37 of their own, they actually saw their deficit grow to a seemingly insurmountable 21 entering the final 12 minutes. The Hawks put their collective nose to the grindstone yet again, though, clawing all the way back to get as close as 100 - 96 with 12 seconds remaining following an Isaiah Taylor and - one. Ish Smith and Stanley Johnson the made good on four subsequent free - throw attempts for the hosts, sealing what became a hard - fought win. Andrew White III was the surprise team leader in scoring for the Hawks with 15 points, and he added two rebounds, one assist and one steal. Taurean Prince generated 14 points, three boards, one assist and one steal. Taylor finished with 13 points, seven assists, one rebound and one steal. John Collins posted an 11 - point, 10 - rebound double - double while drawing the start at power forward. He also recorded two blocks and one steal. Malcolm Delaney matched Collins' scoring total and also supplied seven assists and three steals. Tyler Dorsey went for nine points, six assists, five rebounds and one steal in his start at shooting guard. Dewayne Dedmon turned in eight points and seven boards. The Pistons had seven players post double digits in the scoring column beginning with Smith, who tallied 22 points along with nine assists, four rebounds and two steals. Reggie Bullock poured in 15 points and also collected three rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. Johnson delivered 14 points, five rebounds and two assists. Andre Drummond contributed a 13 - point, 15 - rebound double - double that also included three blocks. Blake Griffin had a near triple - double with 13 points, 12 rebounds, nine assists and one block. Anthony Tolliver and James Ennis III co - led the bench with matching 11 - point efforts, with the former also posting three boards and two assists and the latter registering three boards and one assist. The Hawks are now off for the All-Star break until Friday, Feb. 23rd, when they'll take on the Indiana Pacers on the road. The Pistons pick things back up on that same night in a home date versus the Boston Celtics.