PITTSBURGH (AP)--The Pittsburgh Pirates found a way to come back from an early deficit this time around.
Jose Bautista and pinch-hitter Doug Mientkiewicz had RBI singles in the eighth inning to cap a rally from a four - run deficit in the first inning for a 7 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night.
It was the second win in a row after falling behind in the first inning for the Pirates, who found themselves in big deficits in five of the six games during a losing streak this modest win streak.
Freddy Sanchez had two hits and scored two runs, and Ian Snell rebounded after a rocky first inning to shut down St. Louis for the remainder of his six innings.
Damaso Marte (1 - 0) pitched two scoreless innings in relief to earn the win, and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save for Pittsburgh.
Skip Schumaker, Albert Pujols and Adam Kennedy each had a pair of hits for the Cardinals, who have lost four of five.
With the game tied at 4 in the eighth, Ryan Doumit singled to lead off the inning and scored on a two - out single by Bautista, who's batting.188 but has a hit in each of his past four starts. After Brian Bixler doubled to left, moving Bautista up to third, Mientkiewicz singled down the left-field line off Anthony Reyes (1 - 1) to make it 7 - 4.
The inning was made possible partly because of an errant throw by Reyes on a comebacker to the mound hit by Xavier Nady with Doumit at first and nobody out. Reyes' throw for the forceout at second was too high for shortstop Aaron Miles, but second baseman Kennedy was backing up. He caught the ball and threw Nady out at first.
Though not ruled an error, a double play on that would've likely allowed Reyes to make it through the inning unscathed.
Miles, more of a second baseman by trade, was playing short because of an injury to starter Cesar Izturis.
Six of the Cardinals' first seven batters reached base against Snell. Troy Glaus made it 2 - 0 with a double down the right-field line that scored Schumaker and Pujols, and Kennedy's single to center drove in Chris Duncan and Glaus two batters later.
Snell gave up eight hits, four walks and hit a batter while allowing four earned runs. He struck out one.
While losing six in a row to the Los Angeles Dodgers, Chicago Cubs and Florida Marlins in the past week, the Pirates fell behind by scores such as 9 - 1, 6 - 0, 7 - 0, 5 - 0 and 4 - 0 before coming back from a modest 1 - 0 first-inning deficit for a win Tuesday against Florida.
Todd Wellemeyer held Pittsburgh hitless through three innings, but the Pirates got back into it with a pair of runs in the fourth. The inning began with three consecutive singles, capped by Doumit's run-scoring single. Nady followed with a sacrifice fly that scored Bay and made it 4 - 2.
Bay tied it in the fifth with his fourth home run.
Wellemeyer lasted six innings and was charged with four earned runs on seven hits and a walk, with five strikeouts.