LOS ANGELES--Vicente Padilla had the San Diego Padres swinging futilely at his slow-motion breaking stuff, the same way a kitten would paw at a soap bubble gliding in front of him.
In fact, that's how Dodgers Hall of Fame announcer Vin Scully referred to Padilla's junior folly floater on the air Wednesday night, as the 32-year-old Nicaraguan right-hander had the NL West leaders completely baffled by it through 6 1/3 hitless innings.
Ryan Ludwick burst Padilla's bubble with a one - out single, but Padilla finished with his fourth career shutout in the Dodgers' 9 - 0 rout of the Padres on Wednesday night. It put them within seven games of the Padres.
Padilla (5 - 3) started perfecting the pitch about three years ago when he was with the Texas Rangers. This season he's using it more than ever, and the fans at Dodger Stadium are eating it up.
The Dodgers won a night after newly acquired Ted Lilly limited the Padres to just two hits over seven innings in a 2 - 1 win and retired his final 20 batters.
Pitching with an extra day's rest because of Lilly's insertion into the Dodgers' rotation, Padilla limited the Padres to just two walks--one of them intentional--through the first six. He wound up with a two - hitter, striking out nine and retiring 14 straight batters at one stretch. He also got two hits himself, including an RBI single during a five - run eighth.
First baseman James Loney, who wasn't in the Dodgers' starting lineup because left-hander Wade LeBlanc was pitching for San Diego, came in for defensive measures in the seventh and replaced Ronnie Belliard to help preserve Padilla's bid to become the sixth pitcher to throw a no-hitter this season. But Ludwick lined his 82nd pitch of the game just off the tip of Loney's glove on an 0 - 2 count, and Chase Headley followed with another single.
Pitching coach Rick Honeycutt came out to give Padilla a chance to collect himself, and he came back and retired Yorvit Torrealba on an inning-ending double-play grounder. He then set down the Padres in order over the final two innings to record his fourth complete game in 234 career starts.
Padilla, the Dodgers' Opening Day starter, spent more than two months on the disabled list because of elbow soreness. In nine starts since his return, he is 4 - 2 with 1.80 ERA.
Ryan Theriot and Scott Podsednik each drove in two runs along with Ethier, who homered with a man on.
LeBlanc (5 - 10) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings and struck out six. The Padres also were shut out in his other start against the Dodgers this season.
Torre was forced to start another patchwork lineup because of injuries to catcher Russell Martin, shortstop Rafael Furcal and left fielder Manny Ramirez--whose return remains in question because of another calf strain that has sidelined him since July 17 and delayed his minor league rehab assignment at least another week.
Shortly before game time, Martin was placed on the 15-day disabled list for the first time in five big league seasons because of a tear in his right hip.
Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second after a sacrifice by Padilla.