SAN FRANCISCO--One moment, Mac Williamson hit the go-ahead homer for his first career long ball as tens of thousands cheered him. The next, he misjudged the wind in left field and lost a fly ball for a two - base error that could have cost San Francisco the game.
Only when the bullpen pulled it out could Williamson exhale.
He homered leading off the eighth inning and later got the ball back with a trade of a signed bat and ball, and the Giants held on to beat David Price and the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to split the quick two - game series.
David Price and the Red Sox came up short in a duel of aces as Madison Bumgarner and the Giants took the second game of a short series.
Brandon Belt also connected for the Giants, who finally got to Price (7 - 3). He struck out seven over eight innings, allowing three hits and two runs with two walks.
The Giants snapped a three - game losing streak.
Cory Gearrin (2 - 0) struck out two in a 1 - 2 - 2 eighth for the win. Santiago Casilla entered and Williamson immediately committed a two - base error when he dropped Hanley Ramirez's leadoff fly in the ninth, the ball glancing off the outside edge of his glove. One out later, Javier Lopez relieved to face pinch-hitter David Ortiz, who walked.
Lopez struck out Travis Shaw then Hunter Strickland retired pinch-hitter Marco Hernandez on a groundout for his second career save and first since 2014.
Belt splashed an 0 - 1 pitch into McCovey Cove for the 69th by a Giants player and first since he did so in September 2014. This was his fifth splash homer, while home run king Barry Bonds hit 35 of them.
This marked the first career start at AT & T Park for Price, who received a $217 million, seven - year contract to join Boston during the offseason.
Chris Young homered in the fourth for Boston and Dustin Pedroia extended his majors-best hitting streak to 15 games with a leadoff single in the sixth.
After San Francisco's five - game home winning streak was snapped in a 5 - 3, 10-inning loss Tuesday night, the Giants earned just their fifth victory in the last 14 meetings with Boston and only the third in 11 at AT & T Park.
The Giants have won each of the last nine starts by Bumgarner--who wasn't happy with his six - inning outing--and the 2014 World Series MVP's stretch of six straight winning decisions held since an April 20 loss to Arizona.
Williamson became the first Giants player to put his team ahead on a first career home run in the eighth inning or later since John Patterson in the ninth inning on Sept. 1, 1993, at Atlanta.