DENVER--Ryan Raburn got waved home for this walk-off.
Raburn hit an RBI double and rounded the bases when the Cubs threw away the relay, capping a two - run rally in the 11th inning against Aroldis Chapman that sent the Colorado Rockies over Chicago 7 - 6 early Saturday.
On a wet night when rain delayed the start for more than two hours, and with temperatures dropping into the 40s, the Rockies wound up winning well past midnight.
With another solid performance, Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks lowered his ERA to 2.16, which amazingly will put him at the top of the league leaders.
Cubs pitchers John Lackey, who has been dealing with a sore shoulder, and Hector Rondon, who has soreness in his right triceps, were both placed on the 15-day DL Friday.
With a big division lead, the Cubs can be cautious with reliever Hector Rondon, whose sore triceps put him on the DL. Rondon isn't concerned, either.
Dexter Fowler, who led off the game with a home run, gave Chicago a 6 - 5 lead by blooping an RBI single in the top of the 11th.
In the bottom half, Nick Hundley singled with one out off Chapman (0 - 1). Raburn then tied it with a drive off the right-field wall. And when second baseman Javier Baez made a wild throw that got past catcher Willson Contreras and flew into the Cubs' dugout, the umpires pointed Raburn home.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon said that the umpires ruled that Raburn had reached second before the relay throw was made, entitling him to two bases on the error.
Matt Carasiti (1 - 0) got the win.
Down 5 - 1 after six innings, the Rockies scratched back and later scored three times in the eighth to tie it at 5. They went on to post their first extra-inning win in four tries this season, overtaking the team with the best record in the majors.
Rookie David Dahl homered for Colorado. Addison Russell connected for Chicago.
Rob Zastryzny, making his major league debut after being recalled by the Cubs before the game from Triple-A Iowa, escaped a bases-loaded jam in the 10th by getting Gerardo Parra to ground out.
The Rockies' rally in the eighth included a replay reversal for the final run, with DJ LeMahieu eventually being ruled safe at the plate.
Kris Bryant had three hits for the Cubs, including an RBI single. Fowler hit his 20th career leadoff homer and sixth this season.
Russell's two - run homer made it 5 - 1 in the sixth. The Rockies got an unearned run in the seventh on a throwing error from Bryant at third base.