NEW YORK--Jose Reyes heard the boos when he was lifted for a pinch runner. Mets fans wanted to see more.
At least another at-bat or two. At least another season or two.
It was an afternoon of mixed emotions for the effervescent shortstop in what could have been his last game in a New York Mets uniform, a 3 - 0 win over Cincinnati on Wednesday.
After a bunt single in the first inning, Reyes was finished. The strategy paid off: Reyes won the National League batting title late Wednesday when Milwaukee's Ryan Braun went 0 for 4.
The hit elevated Reyes' average to.337057 and gave him a 2½-point lead over Braun. The Brewers star needed to go 3 for 4 to overtake Reyes, but went hitless in four at-bats against Pittsburgh and dropped to.332.
And that gave the Mets their first batting champion.
The dynamic All-Star with a broad grin and bouncy dreadlocks bunted Edinson Volquez's second pitch down the third base line, and a charging Juan Francisco couldn't pick up the ball.
Fans booed again when Reyes' replacement at shortstop was introduced by the public address announcer, and on the SNY telecast former Mets star Keith Hernandez called the move "disappointing."
Preparing for his game in Milwaukee, Braun didn't fault Reyes for leaving after just one at-bat.
Reyes told manager Terry Collins that he would bunt and wanted to be taken out if he got a hit in his first at-bat.
Collins, finishing up his first year as Mets manager, had to fight back tears as he explained why he took out Reyes so early.
Signed by the Mets as a 16-year-old out of the Dominican Republic, Reyes can become a free agent after the World Series. In a season interrupted by leg injuries that caused two stints on the disabled list, he scored 101 runs and led the majors with 16 triples.
Fans chanted "Please stay, Jose!" throughout the ninth inning, and he gave a salute to the crowd as he walked off the field. Chants of "Jose Reyes!" continued after he threw his hat into the stands as he disappeared into the home dugout at Citi Field for perhaps the last time.
Reyes planned to host 15 to 20 friends at his home to watch Braun's progress. Reyes could be in for some more fun. His friends in the Dominican Republic had said if he won they intend to hold a parade for him in his hometown.
Miguel Batista (5 - 2) pitched a two - hitter for his 11th complete game, his first since July 19, 2006, for Arizona against the Los Angeles Dodgers. He allowed a one - out single to Edgar Renteria in the first and leadoff double to Chris Heisey in the second.
Queens product Mike Baxter hit his first big league homer, a two - run drive into the bullpens in right-center off Volquez (5 - 7) in the sixth. Nick Evans singled in a run in the fourth.
The Mets, beset with financial issues, traded Carlos Beltran and Francisco Rodriguez during the season, lost David Wright for several months with a back injury and finished their third straight losing season at 77 - 85, two more losses than last year.
Cincinnati also had a disappointing season, winding up at 79 - 83 after winning the NL Central last year with a 91 - 71 record.