KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Alcides Escobar saved the Kansas City Royals with his glove. Billy Butler won it with his bat.
Butler hit a game-winning, two - run homer in the ninth inning Wednesday for a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels, one that wouldn't have been possible if not for the slick fielding by the Royals' young shortstop.
Jeff Francoeur singled with one out before Butler connected off Scott Downs (3 - 2). The ball hit behind the outfield padding in left-center field and bounced back into play, and the umpires initially ruled it a double before video showed it to be a home run.
Angels manager Mike Scioscia asked for an explanation off the homer but didn't debate it.
It was Butler's first career game-winning homer.
The Angels loaded the bases in the eighth when the Royals used four pitchers, but Escobar made a diving stop to his right of Alberto Callaspo's sharp grounder on the edge of the outfield grass. He then threw him out at first to end the inning--and keep the game scoreless.
Escobar is hitless in his past 12 at-bats to drop his average to.212.
Tim Collins (3 - 2), the fifth Royals pitcher, pitched 1 1/3 flawless innings for the win.
Felipe Paulino, who made his first start of the season after 19 relief appearances, held the Angels to four singles over five innings, striking out four without an issuing a walk.
The Royals acquired Paulino last week from the Colorado Rockies, who had designated him for assignment. Paulino has thrown 9 1/3 scoreless innings and given up five hits, while striking out seven and walking none in his first two appearances with Kansas City.
Paulino worked out of a bases-loaded jam with none out in the third after infield singles by Alexi Amarista and Erick Aybar and Mike Aviles' fielding error. Paulino struck out Bobby Abreu and coaxed Torii Hunter to ground into a double play.
Angels rookie Tyler Chatwood went 7 2/3 innings and gave up five singles. The Royals did not get a runner past second base off Chatwood before the eighth.