KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Perhaps the Royals are rousing from their offensive slumber at just the right time.
Lorenzo Cain hit a three - run homer, Nori Aoki kept up his tear at the plate and Kansas City roughed up Chicago White Sox ace Chris Sale in a 6 - 2 victory Wednesday night that allowed the Royals to creep within a half-game of first-place Detroit in the AL Central.
The same bunch of Tigers that arrive for a three - game set starting Friday night.
Alcides Escobar also homered for a Royals lineup that had been scuffling for weeks, and Aoki went 3 for 4 to finish with 11 hits in the series. Yordano Ventura (13 - 10) allowed three hits and two walks over seven innings, the lone run off him coming on a sacrifice fly.
Meanwhile, Sale (12 - 4) was cuffed for a season-high five earned runs on nine hits over five innings. It was arguably the three - time All-Star's worst start since Aug. 23, 2013, when he gave up eight runs over seven innings in a loss to the Rangers.
The White Sox loaded the bases with nobody out in the third inning, and Adam Eaton staked them to a lead with his sacrifice fly. But Ventura calmly struck out the next two batters to get out of trouble, and then kept Chicago guessing with a blazing fastball all night.
It didn't take Kansas City long to take the lead for good.
In the bottom of the third, Escobar and Aoki hit back-to-back singles before Cain sent a pitch over the left-field wall. The three - run homer was the first allowed by Sale on an 0 - 2 count in his career--164 appearances and nearly 670 batters over parts of five seasons.
He didn't look like it on this night.
Escobar added his solo shot off Sale with two outs in the fourth. Escobar's third homer of the season and first since May 11 landed in almost the exact same spot as Cain's home run.
Aoki doubled in the first inning, singled in the third and fourth and walked in the sixth, earning a standing ovation. His 11 hits against the White Sox broke the Royals record for a three - game series that had been shared by George Brett (1982) and Willie Wilson (1980).
It was also the first time a Kansas City player had three hits in three straight games since Mike Sweeney accomplished the feat from July 8 - 10, 2005, according to STATS.