CHICAGO--Michael Bourn and the Cleveland Indians are feeling pretty good heading into a big series with Kansas City.
Bourn had two triples among his three hits, leading Carlos Carrasco and the Indians to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Thursday night.
Cleveland took two of three from scuffling Chicago and has won 11 of 16 overall. It begins a three - game series at the AL Central-leading Royals on Friday night.
The Indians trail the Royals by 5 1/2 games, with Detroit in second place. But the Indians have six games left against Kansas City and seven against Detroit.
Carrasco pitched into the seventh inning for Cleveland, and Jason Kipnis and Michael Brantley each singled in a run.
Alexei Ramirez had two hits for the White Sox, and John Danks (9 - 9) pitched six solid innings.
Carrasco (6 - 4) improved to 3 - 0 with a 0.73 ERA in four starts since he returned to the rotation. The right-hander also began the year as a starter, but then lost three of his first four outings.
He struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings while holding the White Sox to one run and four hits.
Cleveland grabbed the lead for good in the sixth. Jose Ramirez led off with a single and stole second. Then he advanced to third on a groundout and scored on Kipnis' base hit, giving the Indians a 2 - 1 advantage.
Brantley added an RBI single in the seventh.
Danks allowed two runs and five hits while falling to 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in five August starts.
Chicago closed to 3 - 2 on Adam Dunn's RBI single in the eighth against Cody Allen, who struck out the next four batters for his 18th save in 19 attempts.
White Sox rookie Jose Abreu hit a run-scoring single in the third, tying it at 1. It ran his total for the season to 97 RBIs, tied with Miami's Giancarlo Stanton for the major league lead.
Cleveland jumped in front when Bourn tripled on the first pitch of the game and scored on Jose Ramirez's grounder.
The Indians threatened to take a 3 - 0 lead in the second, but Alejandro De Aza made a leaping catch above the left-field fence to rob Zach Walters of a two - run homer.