CLEVELAND--Torii Hunter knows a thing or two about coming through in clutch situations.
Hunter proved it again Friday night with a ninth-inning home run that gave Minnesota a 10 - 9 victory over the Cleveland Indians, ending the Twins' five - game losing streak.
Hunter, who drove in three runs and stole a base, had a few comments for his teammates after an early 6 - 0 lead turned into a 9 - 7 deficit in the fifth inning.
Hunter connected against Bryan Shaw (1 - 2) to complete a comeback for the Twins, who were coming off a four - game sweep in Toronto that dropped them three games behind in the AL wild card race.
Indians manager Terry Francona wasn't surprised Hunter delivered with the game on the line.
Trevor May (8 - 7) pitched a scoreless eighth, and Glen Perkins worked out of trouble in the ninth for his 30th save. Carlos Santana drew a one - out walk and pinch-hitter Ryan Raburn singled with two outs, but Jerry Sands struck out on three pitches to end the game.
Cleveland, which traded outfielders Michael Bourn and Nick Swisher to Atlanta for third baseman Chris Johnson before the game, fell to a season-worst 10 games under.500.
Twins manager Paul Molitor knew the victory was more difficult than it should have been, but he wasn't about to give it back.
The Indians scored four runs in the third and five runs in the fourth. Yan Gomes had four RBI, including a three - run homer in the fourth that gave Cleveland a 9 - 7 lead. Minnesota scored a run in the fifth, and Brian Dozier's leadoff homer in the sixth tied it 9-all.
Shaw retired Trevor Plouffe to start the ninth, but Hunter hit the first pitch into the right-field seats for his 18th homer.
Twins starter Mike Pelfrey couldn't hold the big lead and remained winless since June 7, a stretch of 10 starts. The right-hander allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Michael Brantley had three RBI for the Indians, including a two - run double in the fourth.
Cleveland starter Cody Anderson retired the first six hitters but didn't get through the third, allowing six runs in 2 2/3 innings.