CHICAGO--Jake Arrieta regained his form right after Anthony Rizzo's towering drive landed in the bleachers in right field.
The unbeaten ace took over from there.
Arrieta struck out 11 in eight innings, Rizzo drove in four runs and the Chicago Cubs remained perfect against the Pittsburgh Pirates with an 8 - 2 victory on Saturday.
Arrieta improved to 18 - 0 with a microscopic 0.75 ERA in 20 regular-season starts since Aug. 1. The Cubs have won his last 21 starts, extending a franchise record.
Arrieta (7 - 0) allowed three hits and two runs, leaving with a major league-best 1.29 ERA. After Rizzo's 11th homer made it 3 - 2 in the fourth, the reigning NL Cy Young Award winner struck out seven while finishing his outing with four hitless innings.
Rizzo also singled in Jason Heyward in the eighth and is among the major league leaders with 33 RBI. Heyward finished with three hits, Ben Zobrist reached four times and Addison Russell hit a two - run homer as Chicago improved to 5 - 0 against Pittsburgh this year.
The 27 - 8 record for the Cubs is baseball's best start since the 1984 Detroit Tigers won 30 of their first 35 games.
Bouncing back from a so-so start for his lofty standards, Arrieta moved to 8 - 1 in 11 career regular-season starts against the Pirates. He also struck out 11 in a five - hit shutout at Pittsburgh in last year's wild-card game.
Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single for Pittsburgh in the fourth, but the Pirates lost out on an opportunity for more when Josh Harrison's liner went off Arrieta's left foot and right to Zobrist at second for an inning-ending double play with runners on the corners.
The Cubs then grabbed the lead for good in the bottom half. Heyward singled on a dribbler to second and Kris Bryant walked on a close call on a full-count pitch before Rizzo connected against Jeff Locke (1 - 3).
Likely upset by the call on Bryant, Pirates pitching coach Ray Searage was thrown out by plate umpire Brian Knight on a visit to the mound later in the inning.
Locke also served up Russell's fourth homer with one out in the sixth and then hit Miguel Montero before he was replaced by Jared Hughes. Locke was charged with six runs and six hits.
Zobrist went 2 for 3 with two walks and is batting.536 (15 for 28) on the Cubs' 10-game homestand. Dexter Fowler had two hits and drove in a run.