KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Jarrod Dyson made the Kansas City Royals' roster out of spring training because of his speed.
That paid off Friday night with Dyson scoring the winning run on a sacrifice fly shortstop Alexi Casilla caught in shallow left field with his back to the infield in the eighth inning as the Royals rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins to snap a six - game losing streak.
Kansas City trailed 3 - 2 in the bottom of the eighth when Wilson Betemit doubled with one out and moved to third on Kila Ka'aihue's single. Dyson ran for Ka'aihue and stole second on the first pitch as catcher Drew Butera's throw skipped into center field, allowing Betemit to score the tying run and Dyson to advance to third.
Dyson then came home on Alcides Escobar's popup, scoring easily.
"Dyson has that type of ability, that type of speed that he can win a ball game. he helps us win games in situations late in the game when we need to tie it or we need to win it. That's proof of that again. You're not going to see that very often."
Blake Wood (1 - 0) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings and Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his sixth save.
Burnett (0 - 1), just called up from Triple-A Rochester, took the loss.
Twins starter Scott Baker held the Royals to two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings, lowering his ERA to 3.16. He was replaced after Chris Getz's single in the seventh drove in Brayan Pena to pull the Royals to 3 - 2.
Danny Valencia, who was 2 for 18 on the Twins' recent homestand, doubled to the left-center gap off left-hander Bruce Chen to score Jason Kubel and Justin Morneau, who had both singled, to put Minnesota up 3 - 1 in the sixth.
Chen gave up three runs, eight hits and two walks in 5 1/3 innings.
Luke Hughes homered in the fifth to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead.
The Royals tied it in the bottom of the inning when Alex Gordon's two - out triple into the right-field corner scored Melky Cabrera, who had singled.
Both teams missed opportunities to score in the fourth. Kubel led off the top of the inning with a double off the center-field fence. He stopped at third on Michael Cuddyer's single to left with one out. Chen got Valencia on a pop up and Rene Tosoni on a grounder to short.
Jeff Francoeur was hit by a pitch from Baker with one out in the bottom of the inning and advanced to second on Ka'aihue's single to right. Francoeur attempted to score on Pena's single to right, but was thrown out at the plate by Kubel.
Francoeur went 0 for 3 to snap his career-high 17-game hitting streak, which was the longest active streak in the American League.