ATLANTA (AP)--Florida closer Kevin Gregg was disgusted with himself.
Yunel Escobar's single capped a four - run ninth inning against Gregg and gave the Atlanta Braves a 10 - 9 victory over the Marlins on Tuesday night.
With the bases loaded and one out, Gregor Blanco grounded into what could have been a game-ending double play. But shortstop Hanley Ramirez was unable to pull the ball from his glove as Mark Kotsay slid into second, and Jeff Francoeur scored to make it 9-all.
Escobar then singled into shallow right field against Gregg (6 - 7), who has eight blown saves in 37 chances.
Ramirez refused to answer questions from reporters, but according to Marlins manager Fredi Gonzalez, the $70 million shortstop told coach Andy Fox that he couldn't get the ball out of his glove.
Florida, which began the night 5½ games behind first-place New York in the NL East, overcame a 3 - 0 first-inning deficit and led 8 - 4 in the eighth. But the Marlins were done in by eight walks.
Gregg struck out Chipper Jones with the bases loaded to end the eighth, then faced eight batters in the ninth, allowing five hits and a walk. Omar Infante singled and scored on a double by Martin Prado, who came home on Francoeur's single to make it 9 - 8.
Kelly Johnson singled, Clint Sammons fouled out and Kotsay, the subject of trade rumors involving Boston, pinch hit and was intentionally walked to bring up Blanco.
Will Ohman (4 - 0) got the win despite allowing a run-scoring double in the ninth to Cody Ross, who went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and four RBIs.
Atlanta had closed to 8 - 6 in the eighth when Arthur Rhodes walked Blanco with the bases loaded and Joe Nelson walked Escobar with the bases loaded.
Mike Jacobs, batting.096 in his previous 11 games, hit his 26th homer, a two - run drive off Julian Tavarez that gave Florida a four - run lead in the seventh.
Braves starter Jair Jurrjens gave up six runs, six hits and two walks in a season-low three innings. Though the rookie right-hander avoided losing his third straight start, Jurrjens is 1 - 3 with 6.00 ERA in five starts this month.
Florida starter Scott Olsen allowed four runs, five hits and three walks in 5 1/3 innings. Since July 19, the left-hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.27 in seven starts.
But Gregg blamed himself for failing to make the most of nine runs scored by the Marlins, who have yet to win consecutive games in August.