The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies, 108 - 103, at Staples Center on Sunday afternoon. Despite the fact that they were playing without frontcourt starters Marc Gasol and JaMychal Green, the Grizzlies (42 - 35) had to be feeling fairly confident about their chances against a Lakers (22 - 55) squad that had dropped 10 of their last 11 games. However, Sunday happened to be one of those afternoons when Los Angeles came to play, as they forged a 50 - 49 halftime lead and hung close throughout the second half. A 29 - 23 advantage in the fourth quarter led to the victory, one that saw the Lakers shoot a solid 47 percent from the field and six players hit double digits in the scoring column. Mike Conley and Troy Daniels paced the Grizzlies with matching 20 - point efforts, with the former adding 12 assists, three rebounds, one steal and one block and the latter registering three assists, two rebounds and one steal to lead the bench. Brandan Wright continued to start for Gasol and generated 16 points, three rebounds, two assists and one block. James Ennis III drew a spot start with Vince Carter resting and managed 14 points, eight boards, four assists, one steal and one block. Tony Allen contributed a near double - double with 13 points, nine boards, three assists, two steals and one block. Zach Randolph matched Allen's scoring while leading the bench and added six rebounds, one assist and one steal. D'Angelo Russell led the way for the home team with 28 points, six rebounds and five assists. Julius Randle produced an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included one steal and one block. Brandon Ingram contributed 13 points, three rebounds, one assist and one steal. Larry Nance, Jr. drew another start and tallied 12 points, 14 boards, one assist, three steals and one block. Thomas Robinson enjoyed his third consecutive solid game, posting a 12 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and two steals and led the second unit. Tyler Ennis was productive off the bench as well with 11 points, two boards, one assist and one steal. The Grizzlies next head to San Antonio to battle the Spurs on Tuesday evening, while the Lakers follow the Grizzlies into Texas and face off with the Spurs on Wednesday night.