LOS ANGELES--The Los Angeles Dodgers powered their way back to the top of the NL West on Tuesday night.
Howie Kendrick, Yasmani Grandal and Justin Turner homered, and the Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 to tie the San Francisco Giants atop the division after being eight games back on June 26--the last time ace Clayton Kershaw pitched.
The Dodgers moved into a tie for first in the NL West on Tuesday, but the team knows that it caught a break in the standings, with the Giants skidding.
The Dodgers say they are disappointed in the actions of Yasiel Puig and some of his Triple-A teammates but will handle their activity on social media internally.
The Giants lost 2 - 0 to the Miami Marlins earlier Tuesday to drop to 64 - 49. San Francisco had been alone in first place since breaking a tie with the Dodgers on May 15.
Los Angeles is a season-high 15 games over.500 and has won four in a row despite a rash of pitcher injuries, including Kershaw, who is on the 60-day disabled list with a mild herniated disc.
Kenta Maeda (11 - 7) yielded six hits and three runs in five innings.
Phillies right-hander Vince Velasquez (8 - 4) has not won in his last five starts. He gave up nine runs on 11 hits, including all three Dodgers homers.
"They got the best of me tonight. It's a learning experience and I have to check the video and learn from this."
Aaron Altherr put Philadelphia ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the second, but then Los Angeles scored four runs in its half of the inning.
Joc Pederson drilled an RBI single, Kendrick smacked a two - run homer--his seventh--and Corey Seager followed with an RBI single. Kendrick got a third RBI with a double in the fifth.
Grandal homered for the second night in a row--this one a two - run shot--in the third to extend his career-high homer total to 18 and his hitting streak to nine games.
Grandal leads the NL with 12 home runs since June 30.
Freddy Galvis belted his 10th homer in the fourth to cut it to 6 - 3, but Turner's homer in the home half increased the lead to 8 - 3. Turner's 21 homers are also a career high.
The Dodgers currently have the second-best home record (37 - 21) in the NL this season behind the Cubs. Los Angeles improved to 20 - 10 against Philadelphia since 2012 and has beaten the Phillies four straight and six out of the last seven at Dodger Stadium.
In the first two games of the series, the Dodgers have 24 hits, including seven home runs, and 18 runs. The series concludes with an afternoon game Wednesday.