SAN DIEGO (AP)--All it took was one start this season for San Diego's Randy Wolf to know he was back.
Wolf, who signed with the Padres as a free agent, has rebounded nicely from offseason shoulder surgery and has become a stabilizing force for the Padres.
Wolf combined with two relievers on a five - hitter, and rookie Edgar Gonzalez and Khalil Greene hit solo homers to lead San Diego to a 4 - 1 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night.
Wolf (5 - 4) had his fifth straight outstanding start where he allowed two runs or fewer, giving up four hits in seven innings.
The left-hander has helped stabilize San Diego's beleaguered rotation that has seen its top two pitchers--reigning Cy Young winner Jake Peavy and 2007 All-Star Chris Young--land on the disabled list. Add No. 5 starter Shawn Estes to the injured list, and much of the responsibility has fallen onto the shoulders of Wolf and 42-year-old Greg Maddux.
Gonzalez, the older brother of Padres first baseman Adrian Gonzalez, homered in the first inning off Chad Billingsley for the first as a major leaguer. A career minor leaguer who made his major league debut on May 12, Gonzalez turns 30 on Saturday.
Greene connected on a 1 - 1 pitch with two outs in the second to put San Diego ahead 2 - 0.
The win gave the Padres their fifth win in six games.
Gonzalez has taken over at second base for Tadahito Iguchi, who separated his right shoulder on May 5 against New York. In his brief time in the majors, Gonzalez is hitting.296 and playing a solid second base.
Heath Bell pitched a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman threw the ninth for his 15th save in 18 chances and career save No. 539.
Bell came back one game after he allowed Russell Martin's bases-loaded single in the eighth inning that put the Dodgers ahead to stay en route to a 7 - 2 win.
Wolf won his third straight decision in his last five starts. During that span, he has a 1.90 ERA and the Padres have won four of five starts--the only loss coming 4 - 3 in 10 innings on Sunday at San Francisco, when Wolf allowed one run and four hits in six innings.
Billingsley (4 - 7) gave up four runs and eight hits over seven innings.
Los Angeles reached Wolf for its only run on Andy LaRoche's homer, his first, in the fourth that cut the lead to 3 - 1. LaRoche was playing his first game since being recalled by the Dodgers on Tuesday from Triple-A Las Vegas.
Wolf escaped one of the few jams he faced in the sixth after Delwyn Young lead off with a double and went to third on a ground out. Wolf then got Martin on a hard grounder to third, which froze Young, and struck Matt Kemp.
Wolf tied his season high with nine strikeouts and walked one.
Wolf helped his own cause in the third with a leadoff single. After Edgar Gonzalez singled him to second with one out, Adrian Gonzalez drove him in with a single to right for a 3 - 0 lead.
Jody Gerut added an RBI single in the seventh.