WASHINGTON--Jordan Zimmermann doesn't care that his excellent pitching performances still haven't earned him a win. He's happy with the 10 his Washington Nationals already have this season.
Zimmermann allowed one run in seven innings, a line that is becoming a habit for him this year, and Washington scored a pair of runs in the eighth inning to pull out a 3 - 2 victory against the Houston Astros.
The Nationals improved to 10 - 3--they became the first team in the majors to reach 10 wins this season. Texas earned its 10th victory later in the evening.
This was the seventh one - run game for the Nationals this season, and they have a 5 - 2 record in those close contests.
There was hardly a mention of reaching 10 wins in the Nationals clubhouse, even though the team is off to its best start since moving to Washington from Montreal in 2005.
The Nationals trailed 2 - 1 when Fernando Rodriguez (0 - 2) gave up a walk and a single to the first two batters in the eighth. Wesley Wright relieved and walked Adam LaRoche, loading the bases.
Rhiner Cruz then came in and walked Jayson Werth, tying the game at 2. A forceout at the plate left the bases loaded for Wilson Ramos, whom scored LaRoche with a sacrifice fly to center field.
Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth. Jason Castro led off with a double and Zimmerman held him there with a pair of highlight defensive plays--a sliding catch in foul territory of a popped-up bunt and a diving catch on a sharp line drive--before Jordan Schafer's RBI single that just hopped past the glove of the diving LaRoche at first.
For much of the game, it appeared the two teams were headed for a second straight 1 - 0 game, as the starters held both offenses in check. Zimmermann and Houston's Lucas Harrell both pitched into the seventh inning, allowing a run apiece.
It is becoming a habitual line for Zimmermann, who is still waiting for his first win despite allowing one earned run over seven innings in each of his three starts this season. In his 21 innings pitched, the Nationals have scored a total of two runs, including one on Roger Bernadina's two - out double in the bottom of the seventh against Houston.
Houston lost its fourth in a row and seven in eight games. Four of the Astros' last five losses have been by one run.
Ryan Mattheus (2 - 0) gave up two hits and a run in the eighth inning. Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his third save.