MINNEAPOLIS (AP)--The Toronto Blue Jays are starting to catch some breaks.
Matt Stairs hit a grand slam and Roy Halladay rebounded from a shaky start to help the Blue Jays beat the Twins 6 - 5.
Halladay (4 - 5) has been the victim of poor run support all season, getting only 3.14 runs per outing entering Wednesday. Stairs' slam in the first inning gave the right-hander a 4 - 0 advantage, but it wasn't enough.
The Twins answered back as Justin Morneau hit his seventh homer of the season in the bottom of the first to make it 4 - 2 and Jason Kubel added an RBI double to make it 4 - 3.
Michael Cuddyer's RBI groundout tied it in the third.
Toronto regained the lead on Brad Wilkerson's RBI single in the fourth off Boof Bonser (2 - 5).
Leading 5 - 4 in the eighth, Toronto added an insurance run on reliever Jesse Crain's throwing error. Crain had Scott Rolen picked off of second base, but overthrew third base and allowed Rolen to score.
The play was no laughing matter for Twins manager Ron Gardenhire, who watched his team also give away Tuesday's game with sloppy play.
In addition to Crain's blunder, Carlos Gomez was thrown out trying to advance to third on a comebacker to the pitcher and Delmon Young was picked off first after a single to right field.
Bonser has allowed 17 runs in his last three starts and has twice allowed four or more runs in the first inning.
With the Twins' loss and Cleveland's victory, Minnesota dropped out of first place in the AL Central.
Wilkerson and Aaron Hill led off the game with singles and Scott Rolen coaxed a walk after an 11-pitch at-bat to load the bases.
Rolen walked after a 15-pitch at-bat during the sixth inning of Tuesday's game and Stairs followed with a home run.
Stairs sent the first pitch he saw after Rolen's most recent marathon at-bat into the first row of the upper deck in right field for his first grand slam since May 19 of last season and the 11th of his career.
Halladay pitched 6 2/3 innings, allowing four runs and nine hits. He struck out eight.
Minnesota closed to within one on an RBI double by Kubel. Brian Tallet struck out pinch-hitter Brendan Harris to end the threat and strand Kubel on third.
Scott Downs pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances.