KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)--Livan Hernandez is off to a Johan Santana-like start.
Hernandez, who Minnesota signed to a one - year contract on Feb. 12, became the opening day starter after Santana was traded to the New York Mets. Three starts later, Hernandez might have made a couple people forget all about the Twins' former ace.
He scattered seven hits over seven innings Friday night, helping Minnesota beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 0. Hernandez allowed only seven hits, six of them singles.
Hernandez struck out three and walked one, lowered his earned run average to 2.57, and is 3 - 0 for the first time since 2002, when he won his first four starts for San Francisco.
Carlos Gomez doubled, tripled and drove in two runs, while Justin Morneau homered to lead off the third inning on the first pitch from Gil Meche. Morneau also hit a three - run homer off Meche last Saturday in a 6 - 4 Twins victory.
The Twins sent eight men to the plate in a four - run second, highlighted by Gomez's double that scored Brendan Harris and Denard Span. Span drove in Delmon Young for the first run of the inning and Span's first career RBI, and Gomez scored on Matt Tolbert's two - out single.
Tolbert had his first career three - hit game and has a six - game hitting streak.
It was 41 degrees for the first pitch, but with a 15 mph northwest wind the wind chill was 31. It started snowing soon after the game ended.
Gardenhire disagreed.
Meche (0 - 2) was pulled after six innings. He allowed five runs on five hits and four walks, while striking out six. Meche, who signed a $55 million contract before last season, watched his ERA rise to 7.13.
Meche was struck in the left hamstring by a Harris bouncer to end the third inning.
The Royals, who were 1 - for - 8 with runners in scoring position, loaded the bases in the fifth with one out, but Hernandez struck out Jose Guillen swinging and retired Billy Butler on a grounder to third.
Jesse Crain and Joe Nathan completed the shutout, holding Kansas City to two hits over the final two innings. The Royals have failed to score in their past 17 innings.
Butler singled in the eighth, extending his hitting streak to 10 games and matching his career high. But he was thrown out at second when he attempted to stretch it to a double.
Alex Gordon had two of the Royals' nine hits and has a six - game hitting streak.