NEW YORK--Jacoby Ellsbury just took off.
Ignoring all danger, Ellsbury stole home Friday night. His daring dash seemed to startle most everyone at Yankee Stadium and helped New York rush past the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 3, ending a three - game skid.
The Yankees signed Jacoby Ellsbury for moments like the one he provided in the fifth inning against the Rays.
Ellsbury wasn't worried.
Ellsbury became the first Yankees player to pull off a straight steal of home since Derek Jeter since 2001. Ellsbury's timing in the fifth inning was really surprising: He bolted with two outs on a full-count pitch to Brett Gardner, who let it go high for ball four.
Gardner stood in the left-handed batter's box as Ellsbury hurtled toward him. Had Gardner swung, who knows what might've happened--a foul ball could have nailed the defenseless Ellsbury from extremely close range.
Or, perhaps, a big backswing by Gardner hits him in the face.
With the Yankees trailing 3 - 2, the infield playing back and the count full, the speedy Ellsbury started wandering down the line. When the left-handed Matt Moore (1 - 1) went into a full windup, Ellsbury broke for the plate.
Gardner watched the fastball whiz past as Ellsbury made a headfirst dive, his right hand barely reaching the plate under catcher Curt Casali's tag. The crowd cheered even louder when a replay was shown after the inning ended.
Said Moore: "I saw him coming."
The Yankees had seen this before from Ellsbury--in 2009 with Boston, he pulled off a straight steal of home against Yankees pitcher Andy Pettitte.
Chris Young was the previous Yankees player to swipe home, as part of a double steal in 2014.
Ellsbury singled with two outs in the fifth and Didi Gregorius followed with a single off Moore. A balk moved the runners to second and third while Gardner was batting, setting up the rare sequence.
Ellsbury, who didn't start the game, added a two - run double in eighth. Brian McCann hit an early two - run homer, then sliced a tiebreaking single in the sixth.
Ivan Nova (1 - 0) won in relief of CC Sabathia. Dellin Betances struck all three batters in the eighth and Andrew Miller closed for his fourth save as a light sprinkle fell.
Logan Forsythe doubled twice, drove in two runs and scored for the Rays.
New York had managed only 18 runs while losing seven of its past eight.