HOUSTON--Jurickson Profar had just taken a cleat to the face and blood was trickling down his left cheek when Texas manager Jeff Banister went out to check on him in the sixth inning Sunday.
Profar hit a go-ahead double deflected by the pitcher and stayed in despite his injury as the Rangers became the first team to sweep Houston this year, beating the Astros 4 - 3.
Texas took three in a row from the AL West leaders and extended the Astros' skid to a season-high four games.
Banister lauded the grit Profar showed on Sunday and said the way he plays is a bright spot in this trying season for the last-place Rangers.
The Rangers won even though they struck out 19 times--the most Houston pitchers have recorded in a nine - inning game in franchise history.
It was 1-all in the sixth when Rougned Odor doubled and Profar hit a grounder nicked by Lance McCullers (10 - 6) that rolled into the outfield. Astros second baseman Yuli Gurriel lost his balance and kicked Profar in the cheek with his cleats as he slid into second base.
Profar was bleeding from cuts to his face and left the field briefly before returning with a bandage covering the injury. He did not receive stitches, but had the cuts glued shut after the game and he wore four small bandages on them as he spoke to reporters about the play.
He said it hurt quite a bit during the game, but he didn't have time to contemplate how close the cleats came to his eye.
He advanced to third on a wild pitch with two outs before scoring when Isiah Kiner-Falefa reached on error by Gurriel.
Gurriel made his first career start at second base a day after reigning MVP Jose Altuve went on the disabled list for the first time in his career with a sore knee.
The Rangers pushed the lead to 4 - 1 on an RBI double by Ronald Guzman that chased McCullers.
Mike Minor (7 - 6) allowed four hits and two runs while striking out eight in six innings for his first win since June 27. Keone Kela allowed a run in the ninth before retiring George Springer with two on to get his 24th save.
McCullers yielded six hits and four runs--three earned--and struck out 11 in 5 1/3 innings to lose his third straight start.
Tyler White, recalled from Triple-A Fresno before the game, put Houston up 1 - 0 with two outs in the second with a home run.
McCullers retired the first 11 batters he faced, fanning six, before Profar singled with two outs in the fourth inning. Delino DeShields hit an RBI double in the fifth that tied it at 1.