CLEVELAND--Nobody rocks Cleveland like Miguel Cabrera.
Detroit's menacing slugger homered twice and drove in four runs as the Tigers moved to 6 - 0 for the first time in 30 years with an 8 - 5 win over the Cleveland Indians on Sunday.
Cabrera, who entered the series batting just.182, hit a two - run homer in the first inning off T. J. House (0 - 1) and J. D. Martinez added an insurance solo shot in the ninth as the Tigers finished off a series sweep, improving to 18 - 5 in Cleveland since 2013.
Cabrera went 4 for 4 with his first two homers of the season, a double and single. With Cabrera needing a triple for the cycle, Indians manager Terry Francona intentionally walked him in the eighth even though there was a runner on first.
During the three - game series, he went 11 of 14 (.786) with six RBIs, and raised his average to.520.
Not to the Indians.
Cabrera pounds Cleveland pitching like no one else. For his career, he's batting.357 with 37 homers and 118 RBIs in 133 games against the Indians, who haven't figured out a way to even slow him down. Cabrera has 23 homers--the most by any player--at Progressive Field, which had its right-field section remodeled during the winter. Cabrera threatened to renovate left field with his two homers.
Cabrera isn't just partial to Cleveland's ballpark.
The Tigers are 6 - 0 for the first time since 1985, and they've served early notice that they're not going to give up their spot atop the AL Central without fight.
The Tigers jumped to a 6 - 0 lead after two innings, giving Kyle Lobstein (1 - 0) a comfortable cushion. Joakim Soria worked the ninth for his second save.
The Indians had a rough opening weekend at home in their spectacularly remodeled ballpark. In addition to being swept by the division's four - time reigning champions, All-Star outfielder Michael Brantley missed two games with a back issue and Cleveland lost catcher Yan Gomes for at least six weeks with a sprained knee.
After the Indians pulled within 6 - 3 in the third, Cabrera led off the fourth with his second homer.
Francona said the Indians would have walked Cabrera when they could, but there weren't opportunities.
The top of Detroit's lineup did the majority of the early damage, as the Tigers top five hitters went 6 for 6 with six runs, a homer and three walks in the first two innings.
Detroit didn't let House get out of the second, rocking the left-hander for six runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings--the shortest outing of his career.
Cabrera put the Tigers up 3 - 0 in the first with a 410-foot shot onto the pedestrian plaza in left. No injuries were reported.