CLEVELAND--Ryan Sweeney thwarted the Cleveland Indians' best chance to score--by throwing out Mike Redmond at first base after he hit what appeared to be a single to right field.
The rare play helped preserve the Oakland Athletics' 3 - 0 victory over Cleveland on Friday night.
With two outs and the bases loaded in the sixth inning, Redmond hit a line drive to right field that dropped in. Sweeney, the right fielder, was playing shallow. He charged the ball and quickly made the throw to first baseman Daric Barton, wiping out the run and ending the inning. The play was scored a groundout to the right fielder.
Sweeney and A's manager Bob Geren credited Oakland first-base coach Todd Steverson for positioning Sweeney in shallow right field.
The 38-year-old Redmond said opposing teams have been playing him that way most of his career and he was almost thrown out at first while playing for the Minnesota Twins in a game at Oakland a few years ago.
The Indians may have received more bad news when right fielder Shin-Soo Choo left the game after injuring his right hand while attempting to make a diving catch of Jack Cust's double in the eighth. Acta said more information on the extent of the injury would be known Saturday.
Sweeney's play and the strong pitching by Gio Gonzalez helps Oakland win for the sixth time in seven games. Gonzalez (7 - 5) pitched five - hit ball for 6 2/3 innings and Mark Ellis drove in two runs with a bases-loaded double in the sixth.
Gonzalez won for the first time since June 6. He walked four and struck out five. The left-hander has beaten Cleveland twice this season, holding the Indians scoreless for 13 2/3 innings. He's 3 - 0 in four starts against Cleveland since 2009.
Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 opportunities.
Mitch Talbot (8 - 7) allowed three runs--two earned--and five hits in 5 1/3 innings.
The A's scored in the first when Cust walked with the bases loaded and took a 1 - 0 lead into the sixth before Ellis delivered.
Barton, who wasn't in the original lineup, had two hits. He left Thursday's game with bruises on both legs sustained trying to break up a double play. Barton was added to the lineup a few minutes before game time.