The Utah Jazz took down the host Los Angeles Clippers, 126 - 107, at Staples Center on Thursday. Utah (11 - 11) saw one of its best offensive nights of the season, as the team hit 58 percent of its shots and knocked down 17 three - pointers. The Jazz relied on a team - focused approach on the offensive end, as every Jazz starter scored at least 12 points in the win. The team dished out a whopping season high of 38 assists on the night, assisting on over three - quarters of their made field goals. The starters' strong effort extended to the bench, as the Jazz's second unit contributed an additional 49 points, including a team high of 28 from Alec Burks. The Jazz were relentless on the offensive end until the night's conclusion, scoring 100 points over the final three quarters of action. All in all, the team enjoyed one of its strongest offensive showings despite the continued absence of injured All-NBA center Rudy Gobert. The Clippers (8 - 12) have become one of the league's most severely shorthanded teams this season. Los Angeles has seen major injuries to both members of its starting backcourt - - Milos Teodosic and Patrick Beverley. More recently, the team lost All-Star big man Blake Griffin to an MCL sprain. The power forward is expected to miss at least two months with the injury. LA was also missing small forward Danilo Gallinari on Thursday, as the newly - acquired wing is nursing a strained left glute. On Thursday, the undermanned Clippers took the court and delivered a respectable offensive showing, shooting a highly - efficient 54 percent from the field and 10 - of - 29 from beyond the arc. The backcourt of Austin Rivers and Lou Williams, both of whom have been thrust into starting roles, combined for 45 points on 15 - of - 30 shooting. No other Clipper scored more than 13, however, and only four total Clippers finished in double digits for scoring. The lack of overall offensive firepower made it tough for LA to match Utah's ridiculous offensive onslaught. Utah will host the Pelicans on Friday, while the Clippers will visit Dallas on Saturday.