DENVER (AP)--Ted Lilly's masterful mix of pitches left the Rockies perplexed at the plate, prevented Ubaldo Jimenez from getting his 20th win and edged Colorado closer to elimination.
Lilly scattered four hits over eight innings Monday night in the Los Angeles Dodgers' 3 - 1 win over the reeling Rockies, who are five games behind idle San Francisco in the NL West and 4 1/2 games behind wild card-leading Atlanta with just six games remaining.
Just a week and a-half ago, the Rockies were within a game of first place and looked primed for another playoff run behind Jimenez and the 1 - 2 punch of Gonzalez and fellow MVP contender Troy Tulowitzki.
Now, they've lost seven of eight, and an offseason of uncertainty looms ever closer.
Dodgers manager Joe Torre doesn't relish the role of spoiler but that's all the Dodgers have left in their skipper's final week at the helm of a team that also underachieved thanks to injuries and inconsistency. Los Angeles needs to win all its remaining games to avoid the team's first losing season since 2005.
Casey Blake went 3 for 4 with two doubles, two RBIs and scored Los Angeles' other run. His biggest hit struck Jimenez in the right foot and ricocheted over shortstop Tulowitzki's head for a two - run single in the first inning before Jimenez settled down and threw six straight zeros on the scoreboard.
Jimenez (19 - 8) has one more start, at St. Louis next weekend, to try to become the franchise's first 20-game winner.
Back then, it seemed unfathomable that he might not reach 20 wins.
So does Blake.
Jimenez has been victimized by poor run support, shoddy defense and his own control issues over the season's second half. And Monday night was another one in which Jimenez got very little support despite a stellar effort--he gave up just three hits in seven innings with four walks and six strikeouts.
His inability to locate the plate with his fastball cost him during a 29-pitch first inning, too.
Lilly (9 - 12) was dominant. He had the Rockies either chasing his offspeed pitches or frozen by his deceptive fastballs. He walked two, and of his eight strikeouts, five were called.
Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances.
The Dodgers loaded the bases in the first on a bloop leadoff single by Rafael Furcal and two four - pitch walks. Blake's two - out comebacker struck Jimenez on his right foot and ricocheted over Tulowitzki's head, allowing two runs to score.
The Dodgers added a run in the ninth when A. J. Ellis' line drive went off second baseman Clint Barmes' glove for an RBI single.
Lilly, who didn't give up a hit until Gonzalez deposited his knee-high fastball in the center field rock pile in the fourth for his 34th homer, said he made sure to release his curveball down in the zone because it has a tendency to stay up at altitude.
None bigger than the unassisted double play by first baseman James Loney in the eighth, when he snared Jay Payton's screamer down the line and doubled up Todd Helton.
If that ball gets through, it's probably kicking around the right-field corner and the game's tied.
And maybe the Rockies' fortunes.