The Denver Nuggets defeated the Phoenix Suns, 134 - 111, at Pepsi Center on Wednesday evening. The Nuggets (20 - 17) have already been one of the toughest teams to knock off in their home arena this season, as they came into Wednesday's game with a 12 - 4 record at Pepsi Center. That alone stacked the odds against the Suns (15 - 25), and travel issues that delayed their flight into early Wednesday morning certainly didn't help their cause whatsoever. However, the way that Denver's Gary Harris was shooting, it's unlikely anything could have derailed the home squad. The talented two - guard led all scorers with 36 points, draining 14 of his 17 shots from the field, including three of his five from long distance. His efforts helped spearhead a stellar 62 percent shooting effort overall for the Nuggets, which also won the rebounding battle by a comfortable 48 - 35 margin. To their credit, Phoenix responded to a 34 - 26 first - quarter deficit by exploding for 41 in the second to forge a 67 - 61 halftime lead. That quickly evaporated in the third quarter, however, as Denver outscored the visitors by a 37 - 18 margin in the third to pull away for good. Devin Booker paced the Suns with 17 points, which he supplemented with five assists and two rebounds. Greg Monroe saw the floor for the first time since Dec. 21 and managed a 16 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists. Marquese Chriss matched Monroe's scoring total and added four rebounds, one assist and five steals. Josh Jackson managed a bench - leading 14 points and added two boards, two assists and one steal. T.J. Warren supplied 13 points, five rebounds, five assists, four steals and one block. Harris added four rebounds, three assists and two steals to his game - high scoring total. Wilson Chandler tallied 17 points, seven boards, four assists and two blocks. Trey Lyles led the second unit with 16 points, 11 rebounds and one assist. Nikola Jokic posted 14 points, nine rebounds, eight assists and two steals. Jamal Murray registered 13 points, two assists, two steals and one block. Will Barton (12 points, six assists and three rebounds) and Malik Beasley (10 points, three assists, two rebounds, one steal and one block) were productive off the bench as well. The Suns head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Friday night, while the Nuggets remain home to face the Jazz on Friday evening as well.