NEW YORK--Michael Pineda is finally putting it together for the New York Yankees. Carlos Beltran and Starlin Castro, meanwhile, have provided consistent power all season.
Beltran and Castro homered for the second consecutive game, sending a resurgent Pineda and the Yankees past the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night.
Michael Pineda, who was recently in jeopardy of losing his rotation spot, had his second straight solid outing, with seven effective innings Tuesday.
Alex Rodriguez and Austin Romine each had an RBI single for New York, which has won seven in a row against the Angels at home. Los Angeles has dropped 13 of its last 16 at Yankee Stadium.
Pineda (3 - 6) threw 22 of 27 first-pitch strikes and tossed seven efficient innings in his longest start since July 4 last year at Tampa Bay. He gave up three runs and four hits, building on a solid performance last week in Detroit after struggling for much of the season.
Before the game, Yankees manager Joe Girardi mentioned it was important for Pineda to put together successive quality starts. With his past two outings, the enigmatic right-hander has quieted talk about him losing his spot in the rotation and perhaps getting sent to the minors.
Pineda said he was never concerned about a demotion and he's been working hard on making adjustments and executing properly with pitching coach Larry Rothschild.
Andrew Miller worked a one - hit ninth for his seventh save and first since May 6--three days before Aroldis Chapman took over the closer role when his suspension ended.
Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect eighth after giving up runs in a career-worst four straight appearances.
Pineda's only rough inning was the fifth, when Gregorio Petit hit an RBI single and Kole Calhoun connected for a two - run homer to the short porch in right field. After that, Pineda retired his final seven batters and was still throwing 97 mph in the seventh.
Beltran hit a two - run shot in the first for his 1,000th career extra-base hit. It came on the ninth pitch from ex-Yankee David Huff (0 - 1), who started in place of injured Nick Tropeano.
It was Beltran's second straight at-bat with a homer after his three - run shot snapped an eighth-inning tie Monday night and powered New York to a 5 - 2 victory in the series opener. The 39-year-old Beltran leads the team with 15 homers.
Castro, who hit a tying homer in the seventh inning Monday, sliced an opposite-field drive off the right-field foul pole in the third.
Aaron Hicks doubled in the second and scored on Rob Refsnyder's sacrifice fly.
Huff allowed five runs and eight hits over 3 2/3 innings in his first major league outing since June 3, 2015. The 31-year-old lefty appeared in 41 games with the Yankees from 2013 - 14.