LOS ANGELES (AP)--Eric Stults almost didn't get a chance to go the distance against the Chicago White Sox after throwing 100 pitches through eight innings. Los Angeles Dodgers catcher Russell Martin lobbied manager Joe Torre to let the left-hander give it a shot, and he rewarded their faith in him.
Stults needed 16 more pitches to polish off the AL Central leaders for a 5 - 0 victory Wednesday night. The 28-year-old earned his first complete game in nine major league starts and capped a three - run fourth inning with a sacrifice fly.
It was three up and three down, as Carlos Quentin, Jermaine Dye and Nick Swisher all flied out.
"I was getting tired," Stults admitted. "I mean, the adrenaline's still going, but I did feel like I started losing command of my pitches. So you could tell that fatigue was starting to set in. When you're in that situation, you try to do everything you can to get outs. So I went at them with fastballs and I was fortunate to get three fly ball outs."
Stults (2 - 0) scattered four hits, struck out three and walked one. He was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas on June 17 when Brad Penny went on the disabled list with a sore shoulder, then beat Cincinnati 7 - 4 last Thursday in his season debut after taking a shutout into the seventh.
The Dodgers selected Stults in the 15th round of the 2002 draft. He was up briefly with them the previous two seasons, going 2 - 4 with a 5.75 ERA in five starts and seven relief appearances.
The Dodgers' only other complete game this season was on June 6, when Hiroki Kuroda beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 0 with a four - hitter. Kuroda has been sidelined since June 13 because of tendinitis in his shoulder.
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen blamed his team's hitting woes on their unfamiliarity with Stults. No one on the roster had ever faced him before.
A. J. Pierzynski gave the Dodgers' pitcher a little more credit than that after going 1 - for - 4.
Gavin Floyd (8 - 4) gave up five runs--four earned--and six hits over 5 1/3 innings after going 4 - 0 in his previous five starts. The right-hander is 0 - 3 with a 10.50 ERA in three career starts against the Dodgers, including two with Philadelphia in 2006.
Floyd, who gave up six unearned runs in the second inning of last Thursday's 13 - 8 loss against Pittsburgh after a throwing error by third baseman Pablo Ozuna, allowed another unearned run during the Dodgers' two - run first.
Juan Pierre singled, stole second and continued to third on Pierzynski's throwing error before Andre Ethier drove him in with a single. Jeff Kent reached on a two - base error by Dye, who missed Kent's fly ball at the edge of the right-field warning track as Ethier went to third. Martin singled home the second run.