CLEVELAND--The Cleveland Indians took advantage of a controversial bases-loaded wild pitch in their 10 - 7 victory over the Houston Astros on Thursday.
The Indians scored a pair of runs on the play in the third inning that led to the ejection of Houston manager A. J. Hinch.
Replays showed Cleveland's Lonnie Chisenhall fouled off the pitch from David Paulino, but plate umpire and crew chief Jim Joyce stood by his ruling of a wild pitch and Cleveland took a 4 - 1 lead.
Joyce told a pool reporter he didn't see or hear the ball hit the bat and whether Chisenhall made contact wasn't a reviewable play.
Hinch had an opposing view.
Cleveland led 2 - 1 when Chisenhall attempted to check his swing on a pitch in the dirt. The ball bounced away from catcher Jason Castro and rolled toward the on-deck circle near the Indians dugout.
Play was allowed to continue and all three runners--Francisco Lindor, Mike Napoli and Jose Ramirez--crossed the plate.
Hinch protested the ruling and was ejected by Joyce. After a video review, Lindor and Napoli were allowed to score and Ramirez was placed at second.
Chisenhall was unavailable for comment but Castro, who didn't run after the ball, also disagreed with the call.
Lindor was on third base and immediately headed home when the ball rolled away.
Indians manager Terry Francona wasn't sure initially what happened.
Joyce explained he called time because he was discussing the play with Castro and wanted to stop the action on the field.
In game interrupted by a 55-minute rain delay in the middle of the sixth, Carlos Santana hit a two - run homer--his 30th of the season. Lindor had three RBI and Abraham Almonte hit a two - run triple.
Cleveland split the four - game series, opened a six - game lead over second-place Detroit in the AL Central and finished 8 - 2 on its homestand.
Trevor Bauer (11 - 6) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings. Cody Allen, Cleveland's fifth reliever, struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 29 chances and second in as many nights.
Making his first major league start, Paulino (0 - 1) gave up four runs and four hits in three innings.
Colby Rasmus and Yulieski Gurriel homered, and Alex Bregman had three RBI for the Astros, who trail Baltimore by 2 1/2 games for the second AL wild card.