ST. LOUIS--On a 90-degree night, the shower St. Louis rookie left-hander Tim Cooney received in the locker room after recording his first major league win was almost as enjoyable as his performance on the hill.
"It was ice cold, just what I needed," Cooney after throwing seven solid innings, leading the Cardinals to a 4 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night.
Randal Grichuk hit a two - run homer, his second in as many nights, and Mark Reynolds and Jhonny Peralta added run-scoring hits to help the Cardinals improve to 6 - 1 since the All-Star break. They are an MLB-best 35 - 12 at home.
Meanwhile, the Braves have lost their last six road games.
Cooney (1 - 0) gave up five hits and two earned runs in an efficient 74-pitch stint. He struck out five and did not walk a batter. He faced four batters over the minimum.
Cooney said the importance of the moment did not sink in until he looked up at the scoreboard right after the final out.
Cooney had a successive scoreless string stopped at 12 innings when the Braves scored twice in the sixth.
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny has been impressed with Cooney's composure in all six of his starts. The last five were no-decisions.
St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina did a solid job of guiding the rookie through the little trouble he encountered.
Grichuk's homer came in the second inning. He also hit a two - run homer in the second on Thursday in a 4 - 3 win over Kansas City. His 11th of the season came off rookie Manny Banuelos (1 - 2), who gave up six hits and four earned runs in five - plus innings. He had allowed one earned run or less in all three of his previous starts.
Kevin Siegrist retired the Braves in the ninth for his fifth save in eight opportunities. He struck out Jonny Gomes with two on to end the game. St. Louis closer Trevor Rosenthal was given the night off after appearing in the previous three games.
Peralta brought in Matt Carpenter with a run-scoring single in the third for a 3 - 0 lead. Reynolds drove in Grichuk in the fourth.
The Braves parlayed a double by Cameron Maybin and a single by Andrelton Simmons into two runs.
Atlanta was able to stay close, but could not come up with a big hit down the stretch.
"I thought our bullpen did a terrific job coming in, keeping it right there," manager Fredi Gonzalez. "With Jonny Gomes at the plate, who historically wears out left-handed pitching, you feel pretty good in that situation."
Banuelos struggled to the worst outing of his short career.
The Braves, who were opening a 10-game road trip, have lost nine of their last 12 overall.