KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Following the final out, after Johnny Cueto completed his two - hitter, several hundred fans remained in Kauffman Stadium, wanting one more look at the Kansas City Royals.
The next time they see Eric Hosmer and his teammates might be in a parade.
After smothering the Mets 7 - 1 on Wednesday night with Cueto and their pesky offense, the Royals have a 2 - 0 World Series lead and can capture their first title since 1985 when play continues at New York's Citi Field this weekend.
Rather than look ahead and anticipate a celebration, Hosmer thought back to Kansas City's crushing seven - game loss to the Giants in 2014.
The Mets have whiffed in their attempts to snuff out Kansas City's relentless offensive attack, which has the Royals up 2 - 0 in the Series.
Johnny Cueto delivered an impressive mix of stuff in Game 2 to make some history, outfox the Mets and give the Royals a quick 2 - 0 advantage in the World Series before they head to New York.
Their aces have now both lost. Still, the Mets are confident they can rally as the series shifts to New York.
Kansas City wore down Jacob deGrom with persistence and prowess Wednesday night, then pounced. Hosmer hit a tiebreaking, two - run single with two outs in a four - run fifth inning that included 14 foul balls.
Nineteen hours after Hosmer's sacrifice fly won a 14-inning thriller in Game 1, Cueto varied his delivery with occasional quick pitches and kept the Mets off balance. An excited crowd stood on its feet for long stretches to cheer on the rainy night. Some fans as well as the Royals' mascot, Slugerrr, wore wigs resembling Cueto's long, dark dreadlocks.
After Thursday's off day, Citi Field hosts its first World Series game Friday. Forty-one of the 51 teams to take 2 - 0 leads in best-of-seven World Series have gone on to win the title, including nine straight since Atlanta stumbled against the New York Yankees in 1996.
Kansas City had the best contact hitters in the major leagues this season, missing on just 19.7 percent of swings, according to STATS. The Dodgers and Cubs swung and missed 58 times in deGrom's first three postseason outings. Even though he threw at up to 98 mph, deGrom got just three swings and misses against the Royals, the lowest of his career.
Of deGrom's 94 pitches, 23 were fouled off.
Cueto has struggled on the road, where opposing fans taunt him by repeating his name in a sing-song voice. But since the Royals acquired the free-agent-to-be from Cincinnati in July, he has been "Johnny on the spot" at Kauffman Stadium. He pitched two - hit ball over eight innings to win Game 5 of the American League Division Series against Houston, and Kansas City lined up its World Series rotation to have Cueto starting Games 2 and 6 at home.
His hair obscuring the royal blue letters across the back of his white uniform, Cueto struck out four and walked three, allowing the fewest hits in a World Series complete game by an AL pitcher since Boston's Jim Lonborg's one - hitter against St. Louis in 1967.
Both New York hits were soft singles by Lucas Duda, an infield roller to third that took advantage of the shift in the second inning and an opposite-field RBI single to left in the fourth. When Yoenis Cespedes flied to center for the final out, Cueto pointed to the sky, kissed his hand, tapped his chest softly twice and hugged catcher Salvador Perez. Cueto tossed the first World Series complete game by an AL pitcher since Minnesota's Jack Morris won Game 7 against Atlanta in 1991.
DeGrom, 3 - 0 in the postseason coming in, allowed four runs, six hits and three walks over five innings in a hairy matchup of pitchers with contrasting long locks. Pitching with seven days' rest, deGrom held Kansas City to one hit through four innings but got in trouble in the fifth, when he walked Alex Gordon on a full-count slider leading off.
Alex Rios followed with a single, and Escobar fouled off a pair of bunt attempts before driving an 0 - 2 slider up the middle for a tying single.
Ben Zobrist's grounder advanced the runners, and Lorenzo Cain fouled off four pitches before a fly out to short center. Hosmer singled off the mound into center field for a 3 - 1 lead, and Kendrys Morales singled in another run.
Gordon added an RBI double in the eighth off Jonathon Niese, a ball off the glove of shortstop Wilmer Flores. Paulo Orlando, the first Brazil-born player to appear in a World Series, followed with a sacrifice fly against Addison Reed, and Escobar tripled in a run.
That was more than enough against the Mets, who are hitting.165 in the World Series with one extra-base hit.