ATLANTA--Chipper Jones used a pregame meeting to ask his Atlanta Braves teammates for an intense start to a long homestand.
The ninth inning may have provided more tension than Jones had expected.
Yunel Escobar hit a sacrifice fly with the bases loaded in the bottom of ninth, giving the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night after blowing a lead in the top of the inning.
The Braves, coming off a 6 - 2 road trip that included series wins over Florida, Philadelphia and the New York Mets, opened a 10-game homestand with the worst home record in baseball.
Jones, who hit his fourth homer, said the Braves improved to 6 - 9 at Turner Field by maintaining some of the passion they showed on the successful trip.
"Hopefully it's something to build on. We started it on the road and we want to keep it going, he added. "If you can't keep the home-field advantage and have it be an advantage for you, it's going to be a long year. We've got to win ballgames here."
Jones' third-inning homer gave the Braves a 3 - 2 lead that held until closer Mike Gonzalez (2 - 0) gave up a tying homer to Stephen Drew to lead off the ninth. It was the third blown save in nine chances for Gonzalez.
With one out in the ninth, Jordan Schafer hit a single to right off Tony Pena (3 - 1). Pinch-hitter Kelly Johnson walked and Omar Infante singled to center. Schafer, who hesitated between second and third to see if center fielder Chris Young would catch the ball, had to hold at third.
Then Escobar's fly to center allowed the speedy Schafer to score the winning run without a slide.
Jones' drive was the Braves' sixth homer of the season at Turner Field, the low home total for any team in the majors. It was the ninth homer allowed by Doug Davis this season.
The loss was the fourth straight and seventh in eight games for Arizona, which opened a 10-game road trip.
Javier Vazquez struck out 10 in seven innings as the Braves took their fifth win in six games.
Vazquez gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings. He gave up two runs in the first and then allowed only one baserunner as far as second the next six innings.
Felipe Lopez hit Vazquez's first pitch up the middle for a single and scored on Gerardo Parra's triple to right. Parra scored on Justin Upton's groundout for a 2 - 0 lead.
The Braves took advantage of a throwing error by Davis to tie it in the second. Brian McCann and Jeff Francoeur opened the inning with singles. Casey Kotchman followed with a grounder to Davis, whose low throw skipped past first baseman Josh Whitesell for an error, allowing McCann to score. Francoeur scored on Schafer's grounder.
Davis gave up four hits and three runs--two earned--in six innings and, according to Hinch, was upset at being removed for a pinch hitter in the seventh after throwing only 80 pitches.
Davis was not available for comment.