BALTIMORE--With one masterful performance, rookie Wei-Yin Chen put himself in the major league record book and provided the Baltimore Orioles with a much-needed victory.
Chen struck out a career-high 12, Matt Wieters hit a three - run homer and the Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 1 Sunday to avoid a three - game sweep.
It was a rare setback for the A's, who fell to 18 - 4 this month and 12 - 3 since the All-Star break. The Athletics need to win one of their next two games to complete the best July in franchise history.
Chen (9 - 6) allowed one unearned run, three hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings against a torrid Oakland team that had scored 40 runs in its previous four games.
Alternating an accurate fastball with a sharp-breaking curve, the left-hander struck out every A's starter except No. 9 hitter Brandon Hicks.
Chen, who pitched four seasons in Japan before coming to Baltimore, set a major league record for strikeouts by a Taiwanese-born pitcher. The old mark was 10 by Chien-Ming Wang in 2007.
The strikeouts mean less to him than getting deeper in the game. He threw 108 pitches and didn't get out of the sixth.
The last time an Orioles pitcher had as many as 12 strikeouts was in July 2007, when Erik Bedard fanned 15 against Texas. Chen also became the first Oriole to get at least 10 strikeouts in fewer than six innings.
In two starts against Oakland this year, Chen is 2 - 0 with an 0.71 ERA.
A's starter Travis Blackley (3 - 3) gave up five runs, six hits and four walks in five innings. He was 3 - 0 in six starts since June 10.
Omar Quintanilla had three hits, including a homer, to help Baltimore win for only the second time in seven games.
Lew Ford, whose contract was purchased from Triple-A Norfolk before the game, went 0 for 3 with a walk in his first big league game since 2007. But the Orioles left fielder contributed a strong throw to cut down Yoenis Cespedes, who was trying to stretch a second-inning hit into a double.
After going 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position in a 6 - 0 loss Saturday night, the Orioles got two such hits in a four - run fourth. With runners at first and second and one out, Adam Jones doubled in a run. Wieters then ended a 1 - for - 31 skid with a drive into the left-field seats, only the third homer allowed by Blackley in 67 innings this season.
Baltimore added a run in the fifth when J. J. Hardy ran home on the second error of the game by Oakland first baseman Chris Carter.
Limited to one hit through five innings, the A's finally got to Chen in the sixth. Jemile Weeks walked and Jonny Gomes reached on an error by Quintanilla at second base before Cespedes hit an RBI single. After a single by Brandon Inge loaded the bases, Darren O'Day retired Derek Norris on a popup.