NEW YORK--Chris Heston couldn't recall ever throwing a no-hitter, not in youth baseball, not in the minor leagues and certainly not in the majors. Now he was three outs away.
He plunked Anthony Recker on the left shoulder with his first pitch in the ninth inning. Then the 27-year-old rookie right-hander, filling a gap this year on the San Francisco Giants' pitching staff, settled down again, working the strike zone in and out, up and down, just as he had with catcher Buster Posey all night long.
Chris Heston has been better than an emergency option and, for at least one night, he was the best pitcher on the planet.
Tuesday's SweetSpot power rankings on a night that saw a no-hitter, a near no-hitter, a three - home run performance and some history.
This may have been the Giants' most unlikely no-hitter in their four - year no-no run. Check out how Chris Heston's dominant sinker made the difference.
Making the 13th start of his big league career, Heston threw called third strikes past pinch-hitter Danny Muno, Curtis Granderson and Ruben Tejada, completing a 5 - 0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night and the major leagues' first no-hitter since Washington's Jordan Zimmermann on the final day of the 2014 regular season.
Heston didn't jump, didn't raise his arms in triumph.
He hopped off the mound with two steps toward the Giants dugout, slapped his glove with his bare hand, then turned, walked toward home plate and hugged catcher Buster Posey.
Heston allowed three baserunners--all on hit batters. He also had a two - run single for his first big league RBI and finished with two hits more than the injury-depleted Mets.
He took the ball from the final out with him, but didn't have any designated place to display it. He doesn't have a trophy case.
The pitching-rich World Series champions have thrown a no-hitter in four straight seasons, with Heston following Matt Cain's perfect game against Houston in 2012 and hitless gems by Tim Lincecum in 2013 and ` 14. The only other team to accomplish that feat was the Los Angeles Dodgers--all by Sandy Koufax--from 1962 - 65.
And in an era of radar gun worship, Heston didn't throw a pitch faster than 91 mph.
Heston (6 - 4) struck out 11--six looking--and allowed just two balls into the outfield, flyouts by Wilmer Flores in the second inning and Michael Cuddyer in the seventh. The last pitch was a 91 mph sinker that froze Tejada.
According to ESPN Stats & Information, Heston was the first pitcher to close out a no-hitter with three consecutive strikeouts since Koufax did it in 1965 against the Mets.
As the Citi Field crowd of 23,155 gave Heston a standing ovation, Giants teammates came out of the dugout and bullpen to mob him.
Heston had been extra nervous going into the ninth.
"Attack the zone. Don't let the nerves get to me. Just throw quality strikes," he recalled. "Taking a little more deep breaths out there."
Brandon Crawford made a backhand stop deep at shortstop and threw to first to retire Eric Campbell for the final out of the eighth.
Heston hit Tejada just below the left shoulder with one out in the fourth, then grazed Lucas Duda's uniform near his right thigh. Despite leading the NL East, the Mets are 25th among the 30 teams in runs, a dearth partly due to injuries to David Wright, Daniel Murphy and Travis d'Arnaud.
Heston threw 72 of 110 pitches for strikes in the 35th complete-game no-hitter by a rookie in major league history, according to STATS, the first since Boston's Clay Buchholz in 2007.
Heston hit a two - run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard (2 - 4) and added another single in the eighth.
Angel Pagan hit an RBI groundout in the first, Matt Duffy homered in the sixth and Joe Panik hit a leadoff homer in the seventh off Dillon Gee, making his first relief appearance since 2011.
Heston had a long and slow path to the majors. A graduate of Bayside High School in Palm Bay, Florida, he went to Seminole Community College and East Carolina University, declining to sign when Minnesota selected him on the 47th round in 2007 and Washington on the 29th round the following year. San Francisco got him on the 12th round in 2009.
He was 1 - 5 that year for the Arizona Rookie League Giants and didn't advance past Class A until 2012. He made his big league debut last Sept. 13 against the Los Angeles Dodgers but was sent to the minors on March 20.
But when Cain started the season on the disabled list, Heston was brought up April 7. Before Tuesday, his only complete game was a two - hitter against Houston on May 12. Heston was knocked out in fourth inning against Pittsburgh in previous start.
Bochy, who won his 700th game as Giants manager, had an easy night in the dugout through eight innings. Then Heston plunked Recker.
No way. Old-school Bochy was going to let him keep on going.
When Heston returned to the Giants' clubhouse, he was met by one last ovation, this time from all his teammates.