ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Mitch Haniger moved from center to right field as part of protective defensive moves in the seventh inning.
It paid off for the surging Seattle Mariners.
Haniger threw out Johnny Field at the plate to end the game, and the Mariners held off the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 Sunday for their 17th win in 22 games.
Waved home, Field tried to score from first on a two - out, bloop single by Carlos Gomez. Haniger rushed in, made a sliding try and then scrambled to retrieve the ball.
Haniger unleashed a one - hop throw home that beat Field by a wide margin. Catcher Mike Zunino made the tag.
Tampa Bay third base coach Matt Quatraro took the blame for the play.
James Paxton struck out 10 and Kyle Seager hit a go-ahead home run for Seattle. Nelson Cruz and Zunino also homered for the Mariners, who took three of four from Tampa Bay.
Paxton (6 - 1) gave up three runs and five hits in seven innings. The left-hander has allowed just 14 earned runs over 63 2/3 innings in going 5 - 0 over his last nine starts.
The defensive help from Haniger helped Edwin Diaz post his 23rd save.
Seager gave Seattle a 5 - 3 lead on his seventh-inning drive off Jose Alvarado (0 - 3).
Wilson Ramos cut the Rays' deficit to 5 - 4 with an RBI single in the eighth off former Tampa Bay closer Alex Colome.
Tampa Bay, which stopped an eight - game skid Saturday, got a homer from C. J. Cron.
Seattle is 21 - 9 in one - run games, while Tampa Bay dropped to 9 - 17.
According to baseballreference.com data dating to 1908, the Mariners are the only team with 21 one - run wins through the first 65 games of a season.
Zunino ended Nathan Eovaldi's day by sending the right-hander's 102nd pitch into the left field seats for a two - run homer that made it 3-all in the sixth.
Eovaldi, making his third start since returning from a second Tommy John surgery in August 2016, allowed three runs and four hits.
After Field doubled in the third and later scored on a grounder by Mallex Smith, Cron had a solo drive and Jake Bauers hit an RBI double that put Tampa Bay up 3 - 1 in the fourth.
Cron has three hits--all homers--in his last 24 at-bats.
Cruz homered for the second consecutive game, a second-inning solo shot.
Rays shortstop Daniel Robertson experienced left hamstring tightness running out a grounder in the first and was replaced by Joey Wendle.