KANSAS CITY, Mo.--It had been nearly two years since Kris Medlen stood on the mound to start a game, so it was no surprise the Royals right-hander felt a few butterflies Monday night.
He seemed to chase them away in a hurry.
After giving up an early two - run homer to Orioles slugger Adam Jones, Medlen got into a groove and cruised through six innings. His offense put up seven runs in the bottom half of that frame, and the result was an 8 - 3 victory over Baltimore to open a four - game set.
Medlen (2 - 0) did that, allowing just five hits and striking out six without a walk in his first start since replacing Jeremy Guthrie in the rotation.
Still, Medlen was in line for a loss until the Royals broke loose in the sixth inning.
Mike Moustakas hit a tying, two - run homer, and Omar Infante added a two - run triple moments later, scampering home when the throw to third base skittered away. Lorenzo Cain drove in two more, spoiling what had been a promising start by Ubaldo Jimenez.
Jimenez (9 - 8) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings.
The loss was the fifth straight for Baltimore and sixth in seven games. It carried a little added sting in that it was the first meeting between the teams since the Royals swept the Orioles in the AL Championship Series on their surprising run to the World Series.
The two - run homer by Jones and a run-scoring double by Steve Clevenger in the fourth inning got the Orioles off to a good start, and Jimenez was cruising through five. The only run he had allowed was on an RBI groundout by Eric Hosmer in the third inning.
Things completely unraveled for Jimenez in the sixth.
Hosmer doubled with one out and Moustakas sent a pitch soaring into the right-field stands to knot the game 3-all. Salvador Perez singled, Alex Rios hit a double and Infante sent a triple into the gap in left-center, sliding into third base ahead of the throw. When it skipped away to the third-base dugout, Infante clambered to his feet and chugged on home.
Alcides Escobar and Ben Zobrist followed with hits before Cain's two - run double made it a seven - run inning, matching a season best for the Royals.
Medlen's night was done by that point. He threw 69 pitches, one fewer than manager Ned Yost had said was his limit. Bullpen buddies Franklin Morales and Luke Hochevar did the rest.