HOUSTON--The Milwaukee Brewers have struggled on the road this season. However, with Yovani Gallardo going in the opener of a three - game series against the Houston Astros, the Brewers were able to keep up their strong play.
Gallardo allowed four hits over eight innings and the Brewers beat Houston 8 - 1 on Friday night for their ninth win in 10 games. Gallardo won his seventh straight decision against the Astros and improved to 10 - 2 in his career against them.
The Brewers are still 22 - 35 on the road this season but it was a feel-good start to a six - game road trip. They won on the road, Gallardo pitched one of his best games of the season and Craig Counsell snapped his franchise-record 0 - for - 45 hitless streak.
Counsell--who was one away from tying Bill Bergen's major league record for a position player, set in 1909--had a joyous return to the dugout after his hitless nightmare.
And to his teammates.
Houston got three hits and one run off Gallardo (13 - 7) in the second inning. After that, he didn't allow another hit until J. B. Shuck singled in the fifth in his first major league at-bat.
Corey Hart hit his 16th homer in the sixth inning off Aneury Rodriguez, stretching Milwaukee's lead to 7 - 1.
The Brewers got a quick 3 - 0 lead off J. A. Happ (4 - 14) in the first inning on an RBI double by Ryan Braun, who had three hits, and a two - run single by Casey McGehee.
The Astros loaded the bases with one out in the second inning.
Lee and J. D. Martinez each singled. Brian Bogusevic's sacrificed moved the runners up and Clint Barmes walked. Humberto Quintero's line drive to center field scored Lee but Happ struck out and Jason Bourgeois flew out to end the rally.
Happ allowed seven hits, six earned runs and he struck out three and walked two. He has one victory in his last 11 decisions.
Milwaukee got its final run on a bases-loaded walk by Enerio Del Rosario in the ninth.
The Brewers got three more runs in the third after Happ loaded the bases on the first three batters of the third inning on a single by Braun, double by Prince Fielder and a walk to McGehee.
The runs scored on singles by Yuniesky Betancourt and Jonathon Lucroy and a sacrifice fly by Felipe Lopez for a 6 - 1 lead.
Is Happ in danger of losing his spot in the rotation?
The Brewers have the best home record in the majors at 41 - 15 but they've struggled on the road at 22 - 35.