DETROIT--For three hours Tuesday, Johnny Damon's 2,500th career hit seemed sure to be the highlight of his night.
It didn't end up that way.
Damon's next hit was a game-ending homer in the 11th inning as the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5.
Austin Jackson led off the inning with a single off David Hernandez (3 - 7). Damon followed by hitting an 0 - 2 pitch so hard that Orioles right fielder Nick Markakis immediately walked off the field, not even turning around as the ball sailed over his head.
Damon had singled in the third inning for his milestone and received a lengthy standing ovation from the crowd of 22,532.
Hernandez was pitching his second inning after Baltimore closer Alfredo Simon had blown what would have been the first multi-inning save of his career. The Orioles bullpen was depleted after Kevin Millwood had lasted just one inning in Monday night's game.
The Tigers trailed 4 - 1 going into the eighth, but Cabrera led off with a triple and scored on Brennan Boesch's single. Brandon Inge's one - out triple scored Boesch to make it 4 - 3 before Simon struck out Alex Avila.
Ramon Santiago walked, but Jackson, pinch-hitting, bounced out to end the inning. Julio Lugo made it 5 - 3 with an RBI single in the ninth.
Damon walked to lead off the ninth before Cabrera tied the game with the long homer off Simon.
Cabrera and Damon's late-inning homers both landed deep in the stands.
Ryan Perry (2 - 4) got the win with a scoreless inning of relief.
The Orioles stranded 10 runners in the first six innings but finally broke through against Armando Galarraga on Markakis' two - run homer in the seventh. Felix Pie, activated from the disabled list before the game, added an RBI single later in the inning.
Baltimore got a break in the bottom of the inning. After Santiago walked, Don Kelly hit a hard grounder off first baseman Ty Wigginton's glove, but the ball bounced right to Lugo, who threw back to Wigginton for the rare 3 - 4 - 4 putout.
Markakis added an RBI single in the eighth before Detroit's rally in the bottom of the inning.
Detroit had taken a 1 - 0 lead on Avila's RBI single in the second and kept the lead in the third when Kelly's diving catch in center field robbed Wigginton of an RBI single.