CLEVELAND--Anthony Rendon knows how to take advantage of a second chance.
Rendon hit his first major league home run following Nick Swisher's ninth-inning error to propel the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 6 win over Cleveland on Saturday night.
It's easy to see why Rendon was smiling following the good fortune that literally fell his way after his foul popup landed between Swisher and Indians second baseman Jason Kipnis.
Two pitches after his reprieve, Rendon homered into the Nationals' bullpen off Vinnie Pestano (1 - 2) to stun the Indians and the crowd of 33,307.
Swisher and Kipnis both drifted into foul territory and it appeared either could have made the catch, but neither player appeared to call for it and the ball fell to the ground. Swisher was charged with the error. Instead of being the third out, Rendon got another opportunity.
Kipnis took his share of the blame.
Drew Storen (1 - 1) pitched the eighth for the win while Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save. Mike Aviles doubled with two outs, but first baseman Adam LaRoche made a leaping catch of Michael Bourn's line drive to end the interleague game.
The Indians trailed 5 - 0 in the third but scored six unanswered runs to take the lead until Chad Tracy's pinch-hit home run off Joe Smith tied the game in the eighth.
Michael Brantley's two - run double in the fifth, along with solo homers by Carlos Santana and Mark Reynolds in the fifth, fueled Cleveland's comeback from a 5 - 0 deficit.
The Indians rallied against Jordan Zimmerman, who couldn't hold the lead and was denied his 10th win of the season. Santana and Reynolds hit back-to-back homers in the fourth before Cleveland scored three times in the fifth, taking the lead on Brantley's two - run double.
Solo home runs by Ryan Zimmerman, Jayson Werth and Ian Desmond, followed by a two - run third, staked Washington to an early lead, but Zimmermann allowed six runs in five innings.
Cleveland starter Scott Kazmir gave up five runs, including three homers, in 2 2/3 innings, but Washington was held in check until Tracy, batting for Chris Marrero, homered into Cleveland's bullpen with two outs in the eighth. Tracy has eight career pinch-hit home runs, including two this season.
Zimmerman and Werth hit back-to-back homers to dead center in the first. Desmond led off the second with a line drive down the left field line that cleared the 19-foot high wall.
Kazmir didn't get through the third when Washington added two runs. A double and two walks loaded the bases with nobody out. LaRoche bounced into a double play that scored Rendon. Kazmir's wild pitch on ball four to Desmond scored Zimmerman and ended Kazmir's night. It was his shortest outing of the season.
Zimmermann, who hadn't allowed an earned run in his previous two starts, didn't give up a hit until Aviles doubled with one out in the third. Kipnis' two - out single scored Cleveland's first run.
The right-hander retired the first two hitters in the fourth before Santana homered to right. Reynolds, who entered the game in a 2 - for - 23 slump, broke a homerless streak of 13 straight games with a blast that landed halfway up the bleachers in left field.
Zimmermann continued to labor in the fifth. Aviles singled with one out and scored on Swisher's single up the middle. Brantley's double into the gap in right-center gave Cleveland a 6 - 5 lead.
The Nationals had won four of five going into the series.