ANAHEIM, Calif.--Even after every momentum swing, dramatic hit and terrible relief performance in an 11-inning game, the Oakland Athletics were unshakably confident somebody would pull them through.
Josh Donaldson and Jim Johnson stepped up and got it done.
Donaldson drove in Jed Lowrie with an 11th-inning double, and the A's overcame Mike Trout's tying homer in the ninth for a 10 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night.
The American League-leading A's have won four straight and eight of nine largely because of their strength in tough situations, a product of back-to-back playoff appearances. Even Trout's dramatic two - run shot off Sean Doolittle didn't shake Oakland's belief.
Lowrie led off the 11th with a single against Yoslan Herrera (0 - 1), and Donaldson hit a sharp grounder inside third base.
Johnson (2 - 2) pitched two gritty innings for Oakland, getting Howie Kendrick on a groundout with Trout and Albert Pujols in scoring position to end the A's 15th win in 21 games at Angel Stadium.
Both teams erased late three - run deficits during two dismal bullpen performances. The Angels trailed 9 - 6 in the eighth after leading 6 - 3 heading to the seventh.
Brandon Moss, Alberto Callaspo and pinch hitter Derek Norris had RBI singles during a four - run eighth for the A's. One night after Angels closer Ernesto Frieri blew a one - run lead, newcomer Joe Smith squandered a 6 - 5 advantage by giving up four runs, three hits and two walks without getting an out.
The Angels' third loss in four games came with more bad news: Leadoff hitter Kole Calhoun is headed to the disabled list after turning his right ankle while running out a grounder in the 11th inning.
Smith even blamed himself for Calhoun's injury.
David Freese had an RBI single in the eighth for Los Angeles, and Calhoun led off the ninth with a double off Doolittle. Trout, who had three hits and drove in three runs, tied it with a no-doubt shot to left, his fifth homer of the season and the Angels' major league-best 23rd of the year.
Chris Iannetta had a two - run double for the Angels, who chased Dan Straily in the fourth inning before the bullpen gave it all back.
Straily was the first A's starter to give up more than three earned runs all season, yielding seven hits and six runs. The right-hander gave up more than three runs for the first time in nine starts since Aug. 28.
Garrett Richards pitched seven innings of eight - hit ball for the Angels, but Smith's meltdown denied him his third victory.