ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP)--Edwin Jackson is beginning to repay the Tampa Bay Rays for their patience.
The right-hander allowed two hits in eight innings and the Rays pulled out of an offensive funk to beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 0 Thursday to stop a four - game losing streak.
A 15-game loser in 2007, Jackson combined on a three - hitter and improved to 2 - 0. He didn't get his first victory until June 24 last season, and had nine losses before getting his second win nearly a month later.
Eric Hinske homered off Miguel Batista (0 - 2) and Mike DiFelice drove in three runs to help the Rays win for the first time since Jackson allowed one run in six innings to beat the New York Yankees on Saturday.
DiFelice had a RBI single off Batista, who gave up four runs and eight hits in six - plus innings. B. J. Upton's seventh-inning single off Eric O'Flaherty drove in the last two runs charged to the Seattle starter, and DiFelice followed with a two - run single for a 7 - 0 lead.
The Rays scored five times in the seventh and finished with 10 hits. They had scored seven runs and hit.167 during their four - game losing streak.
Jackson limited the Mariners to Adrian Beltre's leadoff single in the fourth and Raul Ibanez's two - out single in the sixth. He struck out six, walked four and only allowed one runner to reach third base.
Trever Miller pitched the ninth for Tampa Bay, giving up a leadoff single to Beltre before getting Ibanez to ground into a double play and striking out Richie Sexson to end the game.
Tampa Bay pitched a shutout for the first time since a 1 - 0 win at Boston on Sept. 10. Seattle was blanked for the first time since a 6 - 0 loss at Anaheim on Aug. 27.
Jackson began last season as Tampa Bay's No. 4 starter and retained the spot despite losing his first eight decisions. He stopped the skid by beating the Los Angeles Dodgers on June 24, then didn't get his second victory until July 20.
He pitched the only complete game of his career--a 3 - 0, four - hit shutout at Texas last Aug. 11--but he thought Thursday's performance might have been better. If the score had been closer entering the ninth, Maddon said he would have allowed Jackson to finish up.
Batista held the Rays hitless until Hinske's solo homer with one out in the fourth. Jonny Gomes doubled off the Mariners' starter in the sixth, then scored on DiFelice's broken-bat single for a 2 - 0 lead.
The Mariners went 2 - 5 on a seven - game road trip that began with four straight losses at Baltimore.