The Houston Rockets defeated the Miami Heat, 99 - 90, at Toyota Center on Monday evening. The Heat (27 - 20) came into the contest sporting a stellar 9 - 2 record over their previous 11 games, a stretch made even more impressive by the fact that they've dealt with several key backcourt injuries at different points. However, the Rockets (33 - 12) came in surging as well, with a 5 - 1 record over their prior six contests despite a recent multi - game absence by James Harden due to a hamstring injury. Houston was the healthier team Monday, however, and that may have been the difference in what turned out to be a hard - fought affair. Miami actually used a 33 - point first quarter to vault to a 50 - 46 halftime lead. The home squad got things turned around in the second half, collecting 53 points while limiting their visitors to 40 over the final 24 minutes. Houston also played some stingy defense, eliciting a total of 16 turnovers and limiting the Heat to an unsightly 23 percent (7 - for - 30) success rate from long distance. The Rockets' top backcourt trio of Harden, Chris Paul and Eric Gordon - - finally at full health - - were key, as they combined for 60 of the team's 99 points. Hassan Whiteside paced the Heat with a 22 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and three steals. Wayne Ellington provided 13 points, five rebounds and two assists. Josh Richardson followed with 12 points, three rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. James Johnson contributed 10 points, four assists and three rebounds. Kelly Olynyk matched Johnson's scoring total to lead the bench and also supplied two boards, one assist and one steal. Harden led the way for the Rockets with 28 points, a total he supplemented with five assists, two rebounds, two blocks and two steals. Paul followed with 16 points, six rebounds, six assists and three steals. Gordon poured in 16 of his own to lead the second unit and also posted a pair of rebounds and assists apiece. Clint Capela tallied 14 points, eight rebounds, two assists and one steal. Ryan Anderson pitched in nine points, two rebounds and two assists. Trevor Ariza returned from his two - game suspension and played 28 minutes, but he only registered three points, five rebounds and two steals. The Heat heads back to South Florida to await a Thursday night visit from the Sacramento Kings, while the Rockets make the short trip to tangle with the intrastate rival Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday evening.