OAKLAND, Calif.--Rick Porcello knows just about everything is going right at the moment, and has been all season. His only plan is to keep it going as the Red Sox chase an AL East crown and, he hopes, play deep into the postseason.
The Boston bats sure are doing their thing, too.
Porcello didn't allow a baserunner until Jake Smolinski's one - out double in the sixth on the way to his majors-leading 19th victory, and the Boston Red Sox routed the Oakland Athletics yet again with an 11 - 2 victory Saturday night. The ace right-hander also became the first Red Sox pitcher with 19 wins in his first 22 decisions.
David Ortiz hit a two - run double to highlight Boston's seven - run third to chants of "Pa-pi! Pa-pi!" for the retiring slugger in his last visit to Oakland.
Yoan Moncada had a run-scoring double in the inning for his first career hit and RBI--and got the ball as a souvenir. He earned his first start a day after the star Cuban prospect made his major league debut in a 16 - 2 win.
Hanley Ramirez added a home run in the third, his fourth in seven games.
Porcello (19 - 3) gave up four hits and two runs in seven innings, struck out two and didn't walk a batter. Boston improved to 21 - 7 in Porcello's starts and 13 - 2 in his last 15. The Red Sox scored 11 or more runs against the A's in their fifth straight, a night after matching their season high with 16 runs.
Mookie Betts hit a two - run double in the first following Ortiz's first double that moved Dustin Pedroia to third. Betts joined Ted Williams as the only Red Sox with at least 30 home runs with 100 or more RBI in a season before turning 24.
Ortiz had three more hits and is 5 for 6 with five RBI this series. He moved within one RBI of the AL lead behind Toronto's Edwin Encarnacion (108). Ortiz also needs to drive in one more run to tie Dave Winfield for most RBI by a player 40 or older. A 12-time All-Star and Hall of Famer, Winfield drove in 108 runs for Toronto in 1992.
Right-hander Daniel Mengden (1 - 6), called up from Triple-A Nashville, allowed seven runs and eight hits in just 2 2/3 innings.