BALTIMORE--The Los Angeles Angels have done a wonderful job of turning around a season that just two weeks ago seemed unsalvageable.
Instead of basking in their accomplishment, they're far more focused on what happens next.
Pinch-hitter Cameron Maybin singled in the tiebreaking run in the eighth inning, Kole Calhoun and Andrelton Simmons homered and Los Angeles beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 Sunday.
The Angels have won nine of 11 to gain a tie for the second AL wild card slot and move four games over.500 (64 - 60) for the first time since April 11.
The Angels took advantage of nine walks to win the deciding matchup of a three - game series in which they hit 11 home runs.
The Orioles still have a shot at the playoffs, too, but they're going to need an LA-like surge. Baltimore has dropped eight of 12 and hasn't won two in a row since Aug. 5 - 7.
With the score 4-all in the eighth, Calhoun and Luis Valbuena drew walks from Brad Brach (3 - 4). With two outs, Maybin stepped in for Juan Graterol and delivered an opposite-field liner to right off Mychal Givens.
Maybin missed the first two games of the series with a sore knee and was in a 5 - for - 27 funk since coming off the disabled list on Aug. 7.
Cam Bedrosian (3 - 2) worked one hitless inning and Bud Norris got three outs for his 19th save.
Calhoun hit a solo shot in the second inning, walked three times and scored three runs. Simmons' two - run homer put Los Angeles up 4 - 1 in the sixth.
Making his first start since Aug. 3, Baltimore's Chris Tillman allowed four runs, four hits and a career-high tying six walks in 5 1/3 innings.
After going 16 - 6 last year, Tillman is now 1 - 7 with a 7.75 ERA. He was sent to the bullpen after a run of 14 straight winless starts.
Facing his former team for the second time in 13 days, Parker Bridwell gave up four runs, two earned, and six hits in five - plus innings. Bridwell was traded to Los Angeles from Baltimore in April for cash and a player to be named.
Bridwell took a three - run lead into the sixth, but a throwing error by second baseman Cliff Pennington led to a two - run single by Jonathan Schoop and an RBI double by Mark Trumbo.
Adam Jones was forced to stop at third on the ground-rule double, and Keynan Middleton struck out Chris Davis to end the inning.