ANAHEIM, Calif.--Baseball is a game of redemption, and Johnny Giavotella enjoyed proving that theory.
The Los Angeles Angels' second baseman hit a tiebreaking, two - run single with the bases loaded in the eighth inning, making up for an earlier error that helped the Detroit Tigers score the tying run, and the Los Angeles Angels completed a four - game sweep with a 4 - 2 victory Sunday.
David Price (4 - 2) issued a leadoff walk to David Freese and gave up an infield single to Chris Iannetta, who was safe at first when third baseman Andrew Romine fielded his high chopper and pulled Miguel Cabrera off the bag with a hurried throw.
Kole Calhoun advanced both runners with a sacrifice bunt, and Price intentionally walked Grant Green before retiring pinch-hitter Carlos Perez on a popup with his 121st and final pitch. Giavotella grounded Joba Chamberlain's second pitch up the middle.
Joe Smith (2 - 2) got the victory with a perfect inning of relief, and Huston Street pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 17th save in 19 attempts, closing out the Angels' first four - game sweep of the Tigers since April 1996 at the "Big A."
Price was charged with four runs, eight hits and four walks in 7 2/3 innings. He struck out six, after scattering five hits over seven innings in a 1 - 0 win at Oakland on Tuesday. Detroit had won 11 of the 2012 AL Cy Young Award winner's previous 12 starts, including his final two last season.
Los Angeles didn't get a hit until Freese and Iannetta singled with two outs in the fourth. They were stranded when Price retired Calhoun on a foul pop, but the Angels grabbed a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth with one - out RBI singles by Erick Aybar and AL MVP Mike Trout.
The Tigers tied it in the sixth with an unearned run against Matt Shoemaker. Cabrera singled with one out, advanced on a passed ball by Iannetta and scored when Giavotella fielded a hard-hit grounder by Yoenis Cespedes to the right of second base and threw the ball just beyond the reach of Green at first for his fifth error of the season.
Green started at first base for the second time in the big leagues in place of slugger Albert Pujols, who was the designated hitter for the second straight day because of tightness in his groin. Pujols went 0 for 4, ending his three - game home run streak.
Angels righty Cam Bedrosian, whose father Steve gave up seven grand slams during his major league career, retired Cespedes with the bags full to end the seventh.
It was the third time in this series that Detroit left the bases loaded. Cespedes had one RBI in the series--on a solo home run against Jered Weaver.
Shoemaker was charged with two runs, four hits and a season-high four walks in 5 1/3 innings. The Michigan native's only other start against the Tigers was on July 26, 2014, when he pitched seven innings of three - hit ball in a 4 - 0 win.
Tigers rookie James McCann opened the scoring in the second with a sacrifice fly.