CINCINNATI--The St. Louis Cardinals weren't about to give up first place.
Albert Pujols ended the Cardinals' longest homer drought in three years with a two - run shot that landed in the front row and left-hander Jaime Garcia pitched into the seventh inning in another Fernando-like appearance, beating the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Friday night to stay atop the NL Central.
Ryan Ludwick added a two - run shot off Aaron Harang (2 - 5) that also barely cleared the wall, sparking an offense that hadn't homered in the last nine games. The Cardinals were 2 - 7 during that span, endangering their season-long stay in first place.
Garcia (4 - 2) has gone at least six innings and given up two or fewer earned runs in all seven starts. It's the best such opening streak by a rookie since the Los Angeles Dodgers' Fernando Valenzuela created Fernando-mania by opening the 1981 season with eight such games.
The 23-year-old Garcia had a delayed start to his big league career. He was promoted in 2008 but needed reconstructive surgery little more than a month later. Back in health, he's been impressive.
None tougher than the one in Cincinnati, dubbed Great American Small Park because it gives up so many homers that barely clear the walls.
Garcia hadn't given up a homer all season until Drew Stubbs connected on a two - run shot in the seventh, cutting it to 4 - 2. Garcia gave up only five hits in 6 1/3 innings and left with a 1.42 ERA.
Stubbs drove in a run in the ninth by hitting into a forceout against Ryan Franklin, who picked up his eighth save in nine tries by getting Ramon Hernandez to ground into a double play.
St. Louis' slump-busting win opened baseball's Civil Rights weekend, honoring those who have worked for equality. Willie Mays, Billie Jean King and Harry Belafonte will receive Major League Baseball's Beacon awards at a luncheon Saturday.
The Cardinals have been either tied for first or there alone every day this season, but the Reds had whittled their lead to a half-game by winning five in a row. One more would vault Cincinnati into first, a place where it hasn't been so late in a season since June 8, 2006.
That pair of long-awaited homers kept the Cardinals at the top.
Pujols ended the Reds' streak of 21 scoreless innings with a drive that barely cleared the wall in center during the third inning, his first homer since April 25. Two innings later, Ludwick hit his two - run shot to right field, one that barely eluded Jay Bruce's reach. The outfielder slammed his glove on the track in frustration at his near-miss, drawing a smile from Harang.
Harang wasn't sure either ball had enough to make the stands.