PITTSBURGH--The Los Angeles Dodgers didn't need Manny Ramirez or Andre Ethier, Casey Blake or Russell Martin to finally find a way to beat what is usually one of the majors' worst teams, the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Manager Joe Torre simply plugged in a bunch of backups and a lot of hits followed.
Ronnie Belliard homered among three extra base hits and drove in four runs, and the Dodgers won 10 - 2 on Thursday to avoid being swept in a three - game series by the Pirates for the first time in 10 years.
The Dodgers didn't start five regulars, including middle-of-the-lineup hitters Ethier (sore left ankle) and Ramirez (day off), but still got 16 hits off four pitchers, including 10 from their No. 1 - 4 hitters. Reed Johnson doubled among three hits and scored twice, and Matt Kemp, James Loney and Garret Anderson drove in two runs each.
The Dodgers hadn't been swept in a three - game series by Pittsburgh since Sept. 4 - 6, 2000, in Los Angeles. The last such sweep in Pittsburgh was May 31-June 2, 1999, when the Pirates played in Three Rivers Stadium.
Belliard, making a spot start after losing the second baseman's job to Blake DeWitt, hit a two - run homer off Paul Maholm (0 - 1) in the fifth to make it 4 - 0. Belliard added a run-scoring triple during a breakout four - run seventh against reliever Hayden Penn, huffing and puffing into third.
Belliard doubled in the ninth, finishing 3 for 5 and a single short of the cycle.
Maholm second-guessed himself for throwing a hittable pitch to Belliard on an 0 - 1 count, especially with two out and Anderson on deck.
Dodgers starter Chad Billingsley (1 - 0) gave up a run while throwing 107 pitches over 5 1/3 innings, yielding five hits, striking out seven and walking four.
Billingsley was 4 - 0 during five April starts last season and was 9 - 3 with a 2.72 ERA after 14 starts, making the NL All-Star team. He faded during the second half, losing eight of his final 11 while having a 4.03 ERA.
With the Dodgers having no established No. 1 starter, they would welcome Billingsley or left-hander Clayton Kershaw pitching himself into that role.
The Pirates, who had had won four in a row and five of six against Los Angeles since late September, wasted a chance to get back into the game when Maholm struck out with the bases loaded and his team down 2 - 0 in the fourth. Normally a position player would have batted, but Russell is hitting his pitcher eighth.
The Dodgers got a scare when center fielder Kemp and left fielder Johnson bumped into each other as Kemp charged into left-center to catch Bobby Crosby's fly ball to end the sixth, but both got up quickly.