NEW YORK--R. A. Dickey hasn't been getting many runs lately. This time, two turned out to be enough.
Dickey pitched seven spotless innings and the New York Mets, back on the field following a two - day break because of Hurricane Irene, beat the Florida Marlins 2 - 1 in the opener of a doubleheader Monday.
It was Dickey's seventh consecutive quality start, the best such streak of his career. Hampered by a lack of offensive support, however, he was 0 - 3 in his previous five outings.
Justin Turner had a run-scoring single and Josh Thole hustled his way to an RBI for the Mets, who have won three straight following a 2 - 11 skid. Jason Isringhausen struck out all three batters in the eighth and Bobby Parnell gave up a homer to New York nemesis Gaby Sanchez in the ninth before earning his second save.
A boy in the stands got hurt in the ninth inning when Florida's Greg Dobbs hit a line drive into the right-field seats, just beyond the New York dugout. Stadium medical workers immediately tended to the boy, who appeared to be hit in the face and was bleeding heavily. Accompanied by his mother, he was carted away in a wheelchair after the game and taken under the stands to an ambulance.
Following the final out, Turner went over from his second base position to wait for the boy by the railing. Turner took off his jersey and handed it over as a souvenir. Dobbs gave the boy a bat, and Collins also came over.
Ricky Nolasco started the nightcap against New York rookie Dillon Gee. Batting leadoff for the Mets was All-Star shortstop Jose Reyes, activated from the disabled list between games.
Both teams were playing for the first time since Friday because of Hurricane Irene, which battered the East Coast over the weekend. The Marlins rode out the storm in Philadelphia, then bused up to New York on Sunday night.
Dickey (6 - 11) lost power at his Long Island home during the storm, but was steady on the mound all afternoon. Floating a few 60 mph knuckleballs at the Marlins, he scattered seven hits and walked one while striking out six in his first win since July 25.
Dickey finally got some good fortune in the sixth when Dobbs lined out to third with runners at the corners and one out. Sanchez flied out to end the inning.
Florida opened the seventh with consecutive singles, but Dickey picked off Mike Cameron at second with an unorthodox move and then worked his way out of the inning.
Lucas Duda had three hits for the Mets, who won for the first time in five home games against Florida this year. The Marlins had won six in a row at Citi Field since Aug. 25, 2010.
Anibal Sanchez (7 - 7) went six innings for the Marlins, who are 4 - 18 since a three - game winning streak that culminated with two victories at Citi Field in early August. The right-hander, who has lost six of seven decisions, walked four and threw 117 pitches.
Only a few thousand fans were scattered throughout the stands for the start of the first game, a makeup of an Aug. 3 rainout and the opener of a five - game series. But with Hurricane Irene having already swept through the area, the sky was blue and clear on a beautiful, 76-degree day.
The field appeared to be in fine shape, too, although the grounds crew manicured the mound before Dickey warmed up in the fourth.