BOSTON--For one night, at least, Jensen Lewis didn't have to watch the Red Sox celebrate again.
Lewis struck out Jed Lowrie with runners on second and third in the ninth inning, preserving the Cleveland Indians' 4 - 3 win Monday in their first game in Boston since the Red Sox beat them in the AL Championship Series last year.
Lewis' solid relief work, rookie Zach Jackson's six effective innings and a bizarre play involving the third base umpire forced the Red Sox to wait at least one more day to clinch their fifth postseason trip in six years.
The Indians blew a 3 - 1 lead in the ALCS last season and lost the seventh game 11 - 2.
The Indians won their seventh straight game and will send Cliff Lee (22 - 2) to the mound Tuesday night against Tim Wakefield (9 - 11).
The Red Sox, with six games left, fell 2½ games behind AL East leader Tampa Bay, which beat Baltimore 4 - 2. Boston reached the playoffs as a wild-card team three times in four years before winning the AL East last season.
The Red Sox needed a win to eliminate the New York Yankees and lock up a postseason berth in pursuit of their second straight World Series title and third in five years.
Cleveland has the second-best record in the AL since July 10 and wants to finish strong, no matter how it affects the playoff race.
Jackson (1 - 3) allowed two runs and six hits. Josh Beckett (12 - 10) hit a career-high three batters, threw a wild pitch, walked one and said he wasn't worried about clinching a playoff spot.
The Red Sox wasted chances in three of the last four innings, losing a run when a ball hit an umpire, missing a three - run homer when Kevin Youkilis' drive hit the left-field wall a few feet from the top and stranding two runners in the ninth when Lewis earned his 12th save in 13 chances.
With Cleveland ahead 4 - 2, Boston had runners at first and second with two outs in the sixth.
Jeff Bailey then lined the ball inside third base. Umpire Gerry Davis signaled it was fair, but the ball hit him and stopped just beyond the infield dirt. Third baseman Jamey Carroll picked it up, and Bay, who had rounded third, was caught in a rundown and tagged out.
Jason Varitek was racing for third while Bay tried to retreat there after the ball hit Davis.
In the seventh, Youkilis' near homer went for an RBI double that made it 4 - 3. Then Bay was walked intentionally, loading the bases with one out. But Rafael Betancourt struck out Lowrie and retired Mark Kotsay on a flyball.
Boston had another excellent chance in the ninth when Youkilis singled with two outs and took third on Bay's double. But Lowrie struck out on three pitches, leaving five runners on in his last two at-bats.
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second after Beckett retired the first two batters. Ben Francisco doubled, Ryan Garko and Kelly Shoppach were hit by pitches, and Asdrubal Cabrera walked to force in a run.
Youkilis doubled in Jacoby Ellsbury in the third but Cleveland added three runs in the fifth.
Cabrera led off the inning with a single, took second on a groundout and scored on Carroll's single. Carroll took second on a wild pitch and scored on Shin-Soo Choo's hit. Jhonny Peralta's ground-rule double put runners at second and third and Travis Hafner's groundout made it 4 - 1.
Boston's David Ortiz hit a solo drive in the fifth for his 23rd of the season. It was his fifth homer in seven games after he hit just one in his previous 27.