ST. LOUIS (AP)--Bill Hall figured something good had just happened because he didn't feel a sting when he connected in the 10th inning.
The ball Hall hit off Ryan Franklin sailed over the fence and helped the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 Monday night after squandering a ninth-inning lead.
Milwaukee is 4 - 0 on its seven - game trip and a National League best 35 - 19 since May 20. The win moved the Brewers percentage points ahead of St. Louis for second place in the NL Central behind Chicago.
Brewers' manager Ned Yost said taking the first game of the four - game set was particularly important.
Hall's home run helped make a winner out of Salomon Torres (5 - 2), who gave up the tying run in the ninth. Torres also pitched the 10th.
Torres was grateful for the chance to pitch another inning.
The Brewers scored twice more in the 10th off Franklin (3 - 3) on a throwing error by second baseman Aaron Miles and an RBI single by J. J. Hardy. Franklin allowed three runs--two earned--on four hits in 1 1/3 innings.
Hardy went 4 - for - 6. Rickie Weeks provided the rest of the Brewers' offense with a three - run home run.
Cardinals third baseman Troy Glaus drove in two runs with a first-inning double off Seth McClung that extended his hitting streak to 10 games.
Trailing 3 - 2 entering the ninth, Yadier Molina led off with a ground-rule double over the wall in right-center. Pinch-hitter Jason LaRue moved pinch-runner Brendan Ryan over to third with an infield single, and Ryan scored on Skip Schumaker's sacrifice fly to left. Torres retired Albert Pujols on a fly out to center with two men on to end the threat.
Torres said he should have approached the situation with Molina differently.
After spotting the Cardinals' a 2 - 0 lead, Weeks gave McClung and the Brewers the lead in the fifth.
With one out, Jason Kendall doubled down the right-field line and McClung followed with a single to center. Weeks then hit St. Louis starter Joel Pineiro's next pitch 431 feet into the third deck in left field for his eighth home run and a 3 - 2 Milwaukee lead.
Weeks' home run was one of 10 hits allowed by Pineiro in six innings. He also walked one while striking out two.