ATLANTA--The way Sean Newcomb started out, it didn't look like he'd be around very long.
Two straight walks. A double steal. A sacrifice fly.
Just three hitters into the game, Newcomb and the Atlanta Braves were already behind.
But Newcomb composed himself, threw seven strong innings and posted his sixth straight win, leading Atlanta back into first place with a 4 - 2 victory over the Washington Nationals on Thursday night.
In the start of a four - game series between the top teams in the NL East, the Braves snapped Washington's six - game winning streak and reclaimed first place by a half-game over the Nationals.
Newcomb (6 - 1) was roughed up by Washington in his season debut April 2. Since then, he's 6 - 0 with a sparkling 2.16 ERA in 10 starts.
But the lefty was coming off a tough outing in Boston, where he lasted only three innings--his shortest start of the season, though he didn't get a decision in the 8 - 6 loss.
Manager Brian Snitker was eager to see how Newcomb would bounce back.
Just fine, it turned out.
Anthony Rendon drove in in both Washington runs with a sacrifice fly in the first and an RBI single in the third. Newcomb was dominant the rest of the way, retiring 14 of 15 hitters before he was lifted for a pinch hitter after a 1 - 2 - 2 seventh. He threw 93 pitches--61 for strikes.
Rendon, who led off the sixth with a double, was the only Nationals hitter to reach base off Newcomb after the third. He also made a sparkling defensive play at third base to rob Tyler Flowers of a hit, diving to his left to field a hard-hit grounder that took a wicked hop.
The Braves went ahead for good in the bottom of the third off Tanner Roark (2 - 5), who didn't get any help from his defense.
Ozzie Albies led off with a popup to short left field that should've been an out. But shortstop Trea Turner and left fielder Juan Soto both pulled up, allowing it to drop for a gift single.
Freddie Freeman followed with a double into the right-field corner, giving him a 13-game hitting streak. Bryce Harper's throw into second short-hopped Turner, an error that allowed Albies to race home after he initially stopped at third.
Atlanta tacked on an insurance run in the seventh. With two outs, Ender Inciarte singled to left and came all the way around to score when Albies yanked another double down the right-field line.
Dan Winkler and Arodys Vizcaino finished up for the Braves, each throwing a scoreless inning. Vizcaino earned his 10th save in 12 chances.