ST. LOUIS--Peter Bourjos' well-rested legs made all the difference both at the top of the batting order and in center field for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Bourjos made just his second start of the season count by hitting a game-tying RBI triple and scoring the go-ahead run by beating the throw home on an infield tapper to fuel a four - run fifth inning in a 5 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night.
Carlos Martinez (3 - 0) allowed two runs in six innings and Matt Adams doubled twice with an RBI.
Ryan Howard hit his 20th career homer against St. Louis, 11 coming in his hometown, and Odubel Herrera had two hits and an RBI. Aaron Harang (2 - 2) surrendered five runs in six innings, ending a career-best run of eight consecutive quality starts dating to last September.
Bourjos entered 7 for 15 against Harang with a homer and four RBIs, no doubt factoring into his starting considering he was just 1 for 10 on the season.
Neither could Harang.
Bourjos made a nice running catch to rob Chase Utley of extra bases and an RBI to end the seventh.
Howard's throw home on Matt Carpenter's grounder to first base was not quick enough to catch Bourjos, who slid in ahead of catcher Carlos Ruiz's tag. The Phillies unsuccessfully challenged the call, believing that Bourjos might have been late getting his foot on the base.
Adams and Jhonny Peralta added RBIs later in the inning. Kolten Wong had a two - out RBI single in the second to give St. Louis the early lead.
Howard hit his fourth homer in the fourth, a drive just over the fence into the home bullpen in right that gave him 39 RBIs in 33 career games in St. Louis. He grounded out his other three at-bats against an over-shifted defense, each time to Wong, the second baseman, standing in shallow right field.
Howard batted fifth behind Jeff Francoeur and hedged at first when asked whether he thought he should be back at cleanup, ultimately saying it was up to Sandberg.
Trevor Rosenthal earned his eighth save in eight chances for the NL Central leaders.