LOS ANGELES--With a month to go, the Los Angeles Dodgers are on a roll and the prospect of salvaging a downer season by finishing.500 is within reach.
Matt Kemp got his career-high 102nd RBI and Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer in a 4 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Wednesday that completed a three - game series sweep.
It was the eighth win in nine games for the bankrupt Dodgers, who went 17 - 11 in August to move into third place in the NL West and within five games of the.500 mark for the first time since June 12.
They came in averaging 6.4 runs in their previous 12 games, going 9 - 3 since Aug. 18 to lead the NL in runs and homers during that span.
Los Angeles starter Ted Lilly (9 - 13) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings. He struck out three and had a season-high four walks in his ninth career win over the Padres--his most against a single opponent.
The left-hander didn't give up a homer for the first time since July 23 against Washington, but struggled to keep his focus in the day game.
Javy Guerra pitched the ninth to earn his 13th save in 14 chances.
The Padres lost their season-high seventh in a row, sixth straight at Chavez Ravine, and finished 1 - 7 on their eight - game trip.
Wade LeBlanc (2 - 4) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings, struck out three and walked one for San Diego. The left-hander fell to 1 - 5 in seven career starts against the Dodgers, including a 1 - 4 mark with a 7.20 ERA in five starts at Chavez Ravine.
Kemp's single to left in the first inning gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead. He showed off his arm in the second, cutting down Alberto Gonzalez at second base for his NL-tying 10th outfield assist, although he failed to score a run, ending his streak at seven games.
Kemp, Andre Ethier and James Loney have been clicking offensively in recent weeks, contributing to the Dodgers' surge. Loney went 2 - for - 3 and has driven in at least one run in seven of his past eight games. He's hitting.476 since Aug. 21.
LeBlanc tied it with a two - out RBI single in the second that was preceded by consecutive walks by Lilly.
The Dodgers took the lead for good when Barajas hit a 3 - 1 pitch off the left-field foul pole in the bottom of the second. Barajas' 15th homer drove in Loney, who was aboard on a leadoff walk.
Loney's RBI single into the left-field corner extended the Dodgers' lead to 4 - 1 in the fourth.
The Padres' other run came on Gonzalez's RBI double in the sixth.