DENVER--So maybe going 6 for 6 isn't quite enough for his manager to award Charlie Blackmon the everyday job in centerfield.
Still, Walt Weiss did promise his platoon outfielder this much: "He'll be in there tomorrow."
That's good enough for Blackmon. He tied a team record with six hits and drove in five runs, helping the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 in their home opener Friday.
Blackmon had three doubles, a two - run homer and scored four times. The only other Rockies player with six hits in a game was Andres Galarraga against Houston on July 3, 1995.
Blackmon acknowledged he's never had that many hits in a game--on any level.
Carlos Gonzalez certainly thought so.
And yet Weiss' plan is to keep platooning Blackmon with Drew Stubbs and Corey Dickerson.
Unless, of course, Blackmon has more days like this. Thanks to his big afternoon, Blackmon is hitting.563 (9 for 16).
Same goes for Gonzalez, who added a two - run triple and a two - run homer off the facing of the third deck as the Rockies improved to 13 - 9 in home openers.
That was more than enough for Juan Nicasio (1 - 0), who surrendered one run and four hits in seven efficient innings. His only mistake was a slider that Mark Trumbo hit for a solo homer in the fifth.
With the loss, the Diamondbacks fell to 1 - 6, tying their worst start in franchise history.
Goldschmidt did extend his hitting streak to 26 games dating to last season with an RBI single in the eighth, It's the second-longest streak in club history, four behind the mark Luis Gonzalez set from April 11 to May 18, 1999.
Randall Delgado (0 - 1) gave up six runs and 10 hits in four innings.
Colorado finished with 17 hits, with Blackmon leading from the leadoff spot. A triple shy of the cycle, he lined the ball into the left-field corner in the eighth, then pulled up at second when Trumbo quickly corralled the ball.
He was tempted to go, though.
Michael Cuddyer kept his hot streak going, finishing with three hits. The reigning NL batting champion has multiple hits in four of his first five games.
Arizona third baseman Martin Prado left in the sixth after cutting his left index finger tagging out Blackmon on a steal attempt. He said Blackmon's spike caught the finger sticking out of his glove.
No stitches were required, and Prado is day to day, the team said.
As a motivator, the Rockies have stenciled the numbers one through 100 on panels above the lockers in the clubhouse. With each win, that panel is filled in with purple.
Win No. 2 was secured with Blackmon's help. He even received a standing ovation in his last plate appearance.