HOUSTON--Cleveland manager Terry Francona loves the pace and rhythm Trevor Bauer has had on the mound this season, and believes it's developed because of the 25-year-old's increased confidence.
On Tuesday night it was exceptionally good as Bauer pitched seven scoreless innings and Bryan Shaw and Cody Allen completed the four - hitter to help the Indians to a 4 - 0 win over the Houston Astros for their sixth victory in their past eight games.
Bauer said speeding up his pace was something he focused on during spring training.
Bauer (3 - 0), who started the season in the bullpen, allowed three hits and struck out seven to extend his winning streak to a career-high three games. He's been dominant in his career against the Astros and is 4 - 0 with a 0.67 ERA in four starts against Houston.
Lonnie Chisenhall drove in a run with a double in Cleveland's two - run second inning. Jason Kipnis tripled in the eighth and scored on a single by Francisco Lindor as the Indians added two runs in the eighth.
Houston rookie starter Chris Devenski (0 - 2) remains winless in nine career appearances after allowing five hits and two runs with five strikeouts in a career-high 6 2/3 innings.
Houston fell to 0 - 9 in games he's started as the team has struggled to do much offensively with him on the mound and have been shut out twice in his starts.
Shaw allowed one hit in the eighth and Allen walked one in the ninth.
Mike Napoli had two hits and drove in the second run in the eighth with a double off the left-field wall.
The Astros had one baserunner in each inning, but couldn't string anything together on a night they went 0 for 4 with runners in scoring position.
Napoli got things going in the second with a leadoff single and Carlos Santana walked. They both advanced on a sacrifice bunt by Jose Ramirez before Napoli scored when Juan Uribe reached on a fielder's choice. Uribe hit the grounder to Devenski, but he had trouble grabbing it, allowing Napoli to slide into home just before the tag to make it 1 - 0.
Chisenhall followed with his double to right field to score Santana and make it 2 - 0.