PITTSBURGH--Braden Looper didn't get the run support he's used to.
Looper allowed four hits over seven innings to win his fourth consecutive decision and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 2 - 0 on Tuesday night.
The Brewers scored an average of 10 runs during each of Looper's three previous wins since June 29, but all they managed in his latest was Prince Fielder's two two - out RBI singles.
Craig Counsell went 3 - for - 4 and scored both runs for the Brewers (48 - 46), who avoided falling to.500 for the first time since May 2.
Last-place Pittsburgh, which snapped a 17-game losing streak to the Brewers on Monday, was shut out for the ninth time this season.
Looper (9 - 4) walked three--one intentionally--and had one strikeout.
Mike DiFelice and Mitch Stetter combined to work a perfect eighth and Trevor Hoffman earned his 22nd save in 24 opportunities by retiring the side in order in the ninth.
Fielder, whose 86 RBIs is second in the NL, lined a single down the first-base line in the fifth to drive in Counsell for the first time.
In the seventh, Fielder's liner was the team's third consecutive single after Pirates starter Virgil Vasquez had retired the inning's first two hitters.
Pitching a day following the teams' benches and bullpens clearing after the Pirates' Jeff Karstens was hit by a pitch, Vasquez (1 - 4) lost his fourth consecutive start since winning his Pirates debut June 26. He allowed two runs and nine hits with no walks and four strikeouts.
Although Pittsburgh never advanced a runner past second base against Looper, the Pirates were only retired in order twice by him and had numerous opportunities to score.
Adam LaRoche (second inning) and Delwyn Young (fifth) both hit one - out doubles but were stranded. In the sixth, Looper walked Andrew McCutchen and Garrett Jones before two were out, but Pittsburgh's Nos. 4 - 5 hitters--Ryan Doumit and LaRoche--failed to advance them.
In the seventh, LaRoche singled with one out and Ramon Vazquez followed with a sinking liner to shallow left-center that Mike Cameron made a diving catch on.
Cameron then ran down pinch-hitter Brandon Moss' fly ball to the deepest part of the ballpark in left-center to preserve Looper's shutout bid.