WASHINGTON--Though he struggled briefly, closer Sean Doolittle made sure the Washington Nationals had something to show for a long day and night against the New York Mets.
Doolittle allowed a run before improving to 13 - for - 13 in save opportunities with Washington and the Nationals took advantage of four straight walks by Mets pitchers to beat New York 5 - 4 Sunday night, salvaging a doubleheader split.
Amed Rosario hit a solo homer in the eighth inning to lift New York to a 6 - 5 win in the first game.
Doolittle gave up an RBI single to Jose Reyes with two outs in the ninth, but then got Juan Lagares to line out to left to stay perfect in save chances since a mid-July trade from Oakland. Doolittle was brought in to stabilize Washington's problematic bullpen and has a 3.00 ERA in 18 appearances with the NL East leaders.
Tanner Roark pitched six innings of three - run ball and Adam Lind had a homer and two RBI for Washington in the nightcap. Anthony Rendon and Wilmer Difo each added two hits, and Washington took advantage of four straight walks--three by reliever Hansel Robles (7 - 5)--in the sixth inning to force a split of the four - game series.
With a runner on first and New York leading 3 - 2, Robles walked three straight hitters to force in Difo. Chasen Bradford then came on and walked Andrew Stevenson, bringing Rendon home.
Robles also appeared in the first game and struck out the only batters he faced, Rendon and Ryan Zimmerman.
Roark (11 - 8) allowed five hits and struck out nine without a walk.
Brandon Nimmo homered in the late game and added a single for the Mets. Reyes had three hits.
Lind's 11th homer of the season provided a vital insurance run in the eighth.
Mets starter Seth Lugo, who had been on the disabled list with a right shoulder impingement, was activated Sunday and allowed one hit through the first three innings in the nightcap.
After blowing a five - run lead in the first game, the Mets regained it and cut down the potential tying run at the plate for the final out.
Rosario fell behind in the count 0 - 2 against Joe Blanton (2 - 3) with two outs in the eighth before launching a shot to center for the rookie's fourth home run.
With two outs in the ninth and pitcher Edwin Jackson pinch-running at first base, ex-Met Murphy sent a sharp grounder into right-center field for a double. When rookie right fielder Travis Taijeron booted the ball, Jackson was waved around third.
Lagares, quickly backing up Taijeron, grabbed the ball and threw to second baseman Asdrubal Cabrera, who relayed a strike to catcher Travis d'Arnaud in time to get Jackson as he made a headfirst slide into home.
Cabrera's three - run homer in the first and Wilmer Flores' two - run shot in the third (his career-high 17th) staked New York to an early 5 - 0 lead.
Jerry Blevins (6 - 0) got the win and A. J. Ramos worked two innings for his 25th save in 27 chances.