PHOENIX--One of these days, a San Diego player is going to hit for the cycle.
And Everth Cabrera would be a good bet as the man to do it. He came close yet again on Saturday night.
Cabrera matched his career high with four RBIs, two coming on his second home run in two nights, and the Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4.
Cabrera fell a triple shy of the cycle, with a single in the first and a two - run double to cap the Padres' five - run fourth. It was the third time this season he's been a hit short of the cycle. No Padres player has hit for the cycle in franchise history.
Manager Bud Black said there's a cool confidence in Cabrera this season.
Andrew Cashner (4 - 2) got the victory, giving up four runs on nine hits in six - plus innings. He also singled in a run, his first RBI of the season.
Wade Miley (3 - 4), who took a shot off his backside off the bat of Jedd Gyorko just before the Padres' fourth-inning surge, got the loss. Arizona's Eric Chavez drove in three runs with a two - run homer and sacrifice fly.
The Padres have scored 23 runs in Cashner's last two starts. San Diego beat Washington 13 - 4 in the hard-throwing right-hander's previous effort.
Miley allowed seven runs on seven hits in 3 2/3 innings, his shortest outing of the season. It was the second rough start in the last three for the young left-hander, who gave up seven runs, six earned, in a 10 - 1 loss to Atlanta on May 13.
Miley wouldn't blame getting hit by the liner for his fourth-inning problems.
After Arizona scored twice in the third to go up 4 - 2, Miley gave up a leadoff single to Carlos Quentin. Gyrko's one bouncer caught Miley as he turned around. The pitcher was able to regroup and throw Gyorko out. After a visit from the trainer, Miley threw a couple of practice pitches off the mound and said he was all right to stay in the game.
Kyle Blanks flew out to center field for the second out. But Miley gave up four straight hits--including Cashner's RBI single. Chris Denorfia's run-scoring double put San Diego up 5 - 4 and ended Miley's night. Left-hander Tony Sipp came on and Cabrera doubled in two more.
San Diego got two more off Josh Collmenter in the fifth, one of them unearned when Gerardo Parra bobbled the ball in center, allowing a second run to score on Nick Hundley's RBI single.
Arizona scored two in the first when Parra led off with the first of his three singles, then with two outs and a 3 - 2 count, Chavez sent one into the right field seats for his sixth home run of the year.
San Diego tied it in the third. Hundley drew a leadoff walk, then with two outs and on a 3 - 2 pitch, Cabrera homered to left, his second in three at-bats. Cabrera, who has four of his nine career home runs this season, got one Friday night in the eighth inning off David Hernandez in San Diego's 5 - 2 series-opening loss.
The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 2 lead with two in the third. Four singles, one of them on Paul Goldschmidt's slow-rolling RBI single through the right side of the infield.
With the bases loaded in the ninth, Diamondbacks shortstop Josh Wilson made a diving stop of Hundley's grounder, then with his glove hand dribbled the ball on the ground to second baseman Martin Prado for the out.