The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Toronto Raptors, 98 - 94, at American Airlines Center on Tuesday evening. On paper, the matchup between one of the Eastern Conference's best squads and the struggling Mavericks (10 - 25) looked like a considerable mismatch, but that's why the games unfold on the hardwood. The Raptors (23 - 9) came into Tuesday looking to extend their winning streak to seven games, but Dallas, who had secured seven of the nine wins they'd notched prior to the contest in their home arena, had other ideas. The Mavericks jumped on the visitors early, forging a 31 - 23 first - quarter lead on the strength of impressive efforts from the frontcourt duo of the ageless Dirk Nowitzki and the emerging Maxi Kleber. Toronto mounted enough of a comeback in the second period to close the deficit to 57 - 54 by halftime, but the home squad did just enough in the second half to maintain their razor - thin advantage. Both clubs clamped down on defense in the final 12 minutes, as a scant total of 29 points were scored in the quarter. However, the Mavericks' defense was the more impressive of the two, as they limited their guests to a 34 percent success rate from the field, including 31 percent from three - point range. Kyle Lowry led the way for the Raptors with 23 points, which he supplemented with eight rebounds, six assists and one steal. Jonas Valanciunas posted a 17 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one steal. Serge Ibaka provided a 12 - point, 12 - rebound double - double in his own right while also recording a trio of blocks. DeMar DeRozan had one of his worst shooting nights of the campaign, draining only three of his 16 shot attempts on his way to eight points. He did add five assists, three rebounds and two steals. Jakob Poeltl led the bench with nine points and also supplied four boards, one steal and one block. J.J. Barea paced the Mavericks with 20 points, four assists and three rebounds in 23 minutes off the bench. Nowitzki followed with 18 points, seven rebounds, one assist, three blocks and one steal. Harrison Barnes posted a 16 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists. Kleber poured in 15 points to go along with eight rebounds, two assists, five blocks and two steals. Dennis Smith, Jr. contributed eight points on 3 - for - 14 shooting, but he also tallied five rebounds and four assists. Wesley Matthews had trouble finding the net as well, going just 2 - for - 9 from the field while totaling a modest five points, four rebounds, three assists and one block. The Raptors remain on the road and are right back in action on Wednesday, when they'll face off with the Oklahoma City Thunder. The Mavericks are also back on the court Wednesday night, when they'll tangle with the Indiana Pacers in a road tilt as well.