MIAMI--Christian Yelich was confident he was safe at home even if home plate umpire Ed Hickox called him out.
Replay backed him up.
Adeiny Hechavarria immediately followed the ruling with a go-ahead sacrifice fly for the Miami Marlins, who held on to beat the Seattle Mariners 3 - 2 on Sunday completing a three - game sweep.
Yelich led off the inning with a double that extended his hitting streak to 14 games. He scored the tying run.
Steve Cishek made it interesting in the ninth, allowing a leadoff double to Corey Hart. Hechavarria then made a diving stop at shortstop and a spinning throw to nab Dustin Ackley at first base preventing pinch-runner Brad Miller from scoring.
Cishek struck out Nick Franklin and Michael Saunders to end the game for his third save and 32nd consecutive conversion.
A crowd of 20,208 took in the first day game this season at Marlins Park with the retractable roof open. It was 78 degrees when the game began and shadows partially covered the infield when the game ended.
Mike Dunn (1 - 2) pitched a scoreless eighth for the Marlins, who have won four of five.
Tom Wilhelmsen (0 - 1) took the loss for the Mariners, which lost their sixth straight.
After Giancarlo Stanton and Casey McGehee were walked by Wilhelmsen to load the bases in the eighth with one out, Garrett Jones hit a groundball to first baseman Justin Smoak, who's throw home was late allowing Yelich to score the tying run.
Redmond immediately jumped out of the dugout to challenge the call, which was overturned after a delay of 2 minutes, 20 seconds.
It was the second time replay was used in the series, which benefitted the Marlins. During Friday's game, replay determined that third baseman Kyle Seeger bobbled the ball during a transfer leaving the Marlins with the based loaded in the ninth before Giancarlo Stanton cleared them with a game-winning grand slam.
Seattle led 2 - 0 on a pair of sacrifice flies by Smoak and Ackley.
Mariners starter Brandon Maurer held the Marlins without a hit until the fifth inning when Jones reached base on an infield single.
Donnavan Solano ended Maurer's outing two batters later with an RBI single to pull the Marlins to 2 - 1.
Maurer allowed one run, two hits, and two walks in 4 1/3 innings in his season debut.
Miami's Kevin Slowey pitched five innings allowing two runs.