LOS ANGELES--Put the Los Angeles Dodgers in front of Tim Lincecum and he can't help but get pumped.
Buster Posey wasn't catching Lincecum, yet he noticed "a little extra giddy-up" in the pitcher before Tuesday night's game.
Lincecum bounced back from consecutive home losses with his third straight road win to help the San Francisco Giants beat the Dodgers 4 - 1 and extend their NL West lead to 1½ games over their division rival.
The two - time NL Cy Young winner allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings after failing to pitch past the fourth inning in his last start, a loss to Washington last week. Lincecum (7 - 13) struck out four and walked one while the Giants provided him slightly more than his average of 3.91 runs of support.
On a humid night, Lincecum was throwing in the low 90s.
A night after Madison Bumgarner and Clayton Kershaw combined for 20 strikeouts and no walks in the series opener, Lincecum and Dodgers starter Joe Blanton brought losing records into their matchup.
But Lincecum got the job done to earn his first win at Dodger Stadium in five starts and didn't allow any of the big innings that have plagued him this season. Javier Lopez pitched the ninth to earn his third save in five chances.
Lincecum is focused on finishing the season strong after his ups and downs in the first half.
Blanton (8 - 12) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings, struck out six and walked two to fall to 0 - 3 in four starts with the Dodgers since being acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 4.
Posey, who started at first base while Hector Sanchez took his spot behind the plate, got things started for the Giants with a two - run single in the first inning. They added two runs in the fourth on an RBI single by Brandon Crawford and run-scoring double by Angel Pagan. He threw out Ellis at the plate for the first out of the sixth.
The Dodgers lost Monday night's series opener 2 - 1, getting only a ninth-inning homer from Hanley Ramirez, and again failed to generate much offense. Matt Kemp's bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the sixth accounted for their run.
Kemp snapped his 0 - for - 21 drought with a ninth-inning single.
Andre Ethier struggled again, going 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts.