On June 18, Beijing time, the 2022 BWF World Tour Indonesia Open began to compete for the women's singles semifinals, and Wang Zhiyi won the first to enter the final. In the derby with He Bingjiao, Wang Zhiyi firmly took the initiative, and she defeated her teammates 2-0 to reach the final.

The Indonesia Open is a super 1000 tournament, the competition is only set up in the main tournament, the national feathers are trapped in the world rankings, and many players have not qualified for the competition. Although the number of participants was not as good as last week's Indonesia Masters, chen Yufei, Chen Qingchen/Jia Yifan, Zheng Siwei/Huang Yaqiong, Wang Yilu/Huang Dongping and other main players signed up to participate.

In the women's singles event, Guo Yu sent Chen Yufei, He Bingjiao, Wang Zhiyi and other five players to participate, and Chen Yufei, He Bingjiao and Wang Zhiyi successfully reached the quarterfinals. In the quarter-finals, the three women's singles players of the Chinese team have performed well, Chen Yufei swept Japan's Okuhara Hope, He Bingjiao defeated South Korea's first sister An Xianying in three sets, and Wang Zhiyi eliminated Japan's first sister Akane Yamaguchi in two straight sets, and they reached the semifinals together.

In the semi-finals, He Bingjiao and Wang Zhiyi staged a derby, and the previous record of the two in the BWF was that He Bingjiao had a 1 win and 0 losses, and He Bingjiao defeated Wang Zhiyi 2-0 at the 2021 Danish Open. At last year's Tokyo Olympics, He Bingjiao had a good performance, she successfully broke into the final four, and finally lost to Sindu and the bronze medal. This year, He Bingjiao continued to be in good shape at the World Tour, and she has won two tour championships.

Wang Zhiyi has improved a lot in the past two years, her world ranking has improved rapidly, and this year she has won the Asian Championship. However, in last month's Uber Cup final, Wang Zhiyi did not play well in the decider, and after her loss, the Chinese team lost to the South Korean team and was relegated to the second place. This defeat was a big blow to Wang Zhiyi, but she played quite well in this Indonesia Masters, eliminating Li Wenshan, Ma Lin and Akane Yamaguchi on the way to the promotion.

After the start of the match, Wang Zhiyi entered the form quickly, and she led 4-0, 8-1. He Bingjiao scored consecutive points to close the gap, and Wang Zhiyi quickly returned the shot to maintain the lead. After the game, Wang Zhiyi played very steadily, she used the landing point change to effectively mobilize He Bingjiao, He Bingjiao played a little impatiently, there were many mistakes, Wang Zhiyi maintained the lead and took the lead 21-15 first.

In the second set, Wang Zhiyi quickly led the way, and she led 4-1, 6-2. He Bingjiao scored 3 points in a row to narrow the gap to 1 point, but her mistakes began to increase again, and Wang Zhiyi hit back 4 points to lead 11-6 into the interval. Back on the court, Wang Zhiyi played more and more relaxed, he Bingjiao seemed to have few ways, took the initiative to attack and frequently made mistakes, and the score gap on the field continued to widen. 21-10, Wang Zhiyi won 2-0 to reach the final.