CHICAGO--Chris Sale is a dominant power pitcher with the potential for a double-digit strikeout performance every time he takes the mound.
But the Chicago White Sox ace said his focus against the San Diego Padres on Sunday was being economical.
Sale pitched a two - hitter, Paul Konerko homered and the White Sox posted 4 - 1 victory to avoid being swept.
Sale (5 - 0) struck out nine, walked none and threw 100 pitches in the complete game performance that lasted just 2:08.
He froze Everth Cabrera for a called strike three to end the game, and retired the final 14 batters.
Sale has allowed just two earned runs in his last 25 innings spanning four starts, and has a 1.59 ERA overall. The lefty was on the disabled list in late April because of a strained muscle in his pitching arm.
Because of that, Sale was on a pitch count--the White Sox wouldn't say how many--but he never was in danger of being removed because he was so efficient.
Konerko also doubled and drove in three runs as the White Sox won for the eighth time in 13 games. The veteran slugger has been playing every day with rookie Jose Abreu on the disabled list, but that is scheduled to end Monday when Abreu is activated.
Eric Stults (2 - 6) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings.
Sale sailed through the first four innings, retiring 12 straight batters to start the game.
Konerko gave Chicago a 1 - 0 lead in the second when he hit a drive to the back of the left-field bullpen for his third homer of the season.
Chase Headley led off the Padres fifth with his fifth homer. Tommy Medica followed with a single, but Sale quickly regrouped. He got Jedd Gyorko to ground into a double play and struck out Yonder Alonso to end the inning.
It was a rare mistake. Through eight innings he had thrown just 84 pitches, making the decision to bring him out for the ninth that much easier for manager Robin Ventura.
The White Sox regained the lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Tyler Flowers. They added two more in the sixth when Konerko doubled down the left-field line with two out, driving in Dayan Viciedo and Alexei Ramirez.
That was plenty of offense for Sale.