The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Charlotte Hornets, 125 - 111, at Spectrum Center on Thursday evening. The Nets (21 - 45) have been in spoiler mode for some time now, as any postseason aspirations they may have had are a distant memory. Brooklyn has been playing competitively in many of its losses, making them a dangerous opponent with nothing to lose. The Hornets (28 - 38) found that out the hard way Thursday, allowing a whopping 65 points to the visitors in the first half and then coming up with no real answers at intermission. The Nets racked up another 60 over the third and fourth periods and shot an impressive 51 percent overall. They benefited from an excellent performance by their second unit, which compiled 54 points. Allen Crabbe spearheaded the Nets' efforts with 29 points, a total he supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. Caris LeVert tallied a bench - leading 22 points and eight assists while also contributing four rebounds and one steal. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson generated an 18 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included four assists, two blocks and one steal. DeMarre Carroll pitched in 15 points, five boards, three assists, three steals and one block. Jarrett Allen registered 13 points, seven rebounds, one assist and one block. Joe Harris poured in 11 points and dished out one assist. D'Angelo Russell posted eight points, two rebounds and two assists. Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with 21 points and added six assists and two steals. Dwight Howard was next with 19 points, which he complemented with seven rebounds, three blocks and one steal. Jeremy Lamb accounted for 15 points and two rebounds. Cody Zeller and Malik Monk posted matching 13 - point efforts, with the former adding four rebounds and one assist, and the latter totaling five assists, three rebounds and one block. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist turned in 10 points, five rebounds and one assist. The Nets head back home and face off with the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday evening, while the Hornets remain home and await a Saturday afternoon visit from the Phoenix Suns.