LOS ANGELES--Corey Seager has become an NL MVP Award candidate as a rookie with timely homers and a big batting average.
He made himself the difference in a game Sunday just by running hard to second base.
Brock Stewart and four relievers combined on a four - hitter and Andrew Toles scored on a fielder's choice in the eighth inning thanks to Seager's hustle, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers over Jon Lester and the Chicago Cubs 1 - 0.
Javier Baez's miscue may have cost the Cubs a win but there were plenty of positives in the game, including six strong innings from Jon Lester.
The Cubs didn't have much reason to celebrate after losing to the Dodgers, but they were comfortable as they boarded an overnight flight home.
With one out in the eighth, pinch-hitter Toles was hit by a pitch, and then Trevor Cahill (3 - 4) threw away Howie Kendrick's short roller, allowing Toles to reach third.
After an intentional walk to Seager and a strikeout, Adrian Gonzalez hit a soft grounder to the left side, away from the shifted Cubs' defense. Javier Baez stumbled backward to field it and made a casual throw to late-arriving second baseman Ben Zobrist. Umpires ruled a sliding Seager beat Zobrist to the bag, allowing Toles to score, and a review upheld the call.
Seager's right foot slid into the base with Zobrist's left foot barely inches from coming down on the bag.
The Dodgers took two of three from the Cubs over the weekend and maintained a two - game lead over the San Francisco Giants in the NL West.
Stewart struck out eight over five innings of two - hit ball, and then Jesse Chavez, Grant Dayton, Joe Blanton and Kenley Jansen closed up shop. Blanton (5 - 2) got the win and Jansen got three outs for his 39th save.
Stewart began the season with Class A Rancho Cucamonga and was making just this third big league start. He struck out eight of the first 12 batters to set a career high and struck out six in a row during one stretch.
He also got his first major league hit with a single in the third off Lester. He was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the fifth after throwing 80 pitches.
Lester struck out six and pitched three - hit ball over six innings, and the Cubs also four - hit the Dodgers.
"I felt efficient early in the game but in the fifth and sixth innings they ran deep counts and made me work," Lester.
Kendrick walked to lead off the first and reached third on an errant pickoff attempt by catcher David Ross, but Lester struck out Seager, Justin Turner and Gonzalez successively to end the threat.