NEW YORK--Jerry Manuel is confident the New York Mets will one day take their home success on the road.
Until then, the manager sure is enjoying these games at Citi Field.
Jeff Francoeur hit a tying, three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mets rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Sunday, running their home winning streak to eight games.
Angel Pagan had a two - run single in New York's three - run sixth and scored the go-ahead run when Ike Davis grounded into a double play in the eighth.
The Marlins led 5 - 0 and 6 - 3 before absorbing their fourth loss in five games. But there is help on the way, with highly touted slugger Mike Stanton scheduled to make his major league debut Tuesday at Philadelphia.
Stanton wowed the Marlins during spring training with his power but the 20-year-old outfielder was sent to Double-A Jacksonville for seasoning. He responded by dominating the Southern League, hitting.311 with 21 homers and 52 RBIs in 52 games to earn the promotion to the majors.
The Mets improved to 18 - 4 in their last 22 games at Citi Field. They lead the majors with 22 home wins, including a nine - game winning streak in Queens that spanned from April 22 to May 8.
Pedro Feliciano (2 - 2) struck out Chris Coghlan with runners on first and second to end the eighth, and Francisco Rodriguez finished for his 12th save in 15 opportunities. Cody Ross struck out with a runner on second to end the game.
Ross hit a three - run homer and Dan Uggla also went deep for Florida. Coghlan went 2 for 5 and is batting.500 (17 for 34) in his last eight games, but struck out three times.
Francoeur hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Wood into the seats in left for his sixth homer, tying it at 6 and delighting the crowd of 36,612.
Pagan started the winning rally with a leadoff walk against Clay Hensley (1 - 2). He went to third on Bay's single to left and scampered home when Davis hit a sharp grounder to shortstop Hanley Ramirez, who made a nice play to start the double play.
Curiously, Gonzalez kept his middle infielders back even though the go-ahead run was on third base with nobody out.
Manuel put Pagan in motion on the full-count pitch to Bay, and the move paid off.
Ricky Nolasco allowed three runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Marlins, getting pulled after just 82 pitches. He lobbied Gonzalez to let him stay in but the manager was undeterred.
David Wright had three hits off Nolasco, improving his career batting average against the right-hander to.386 (17 for 44).
Gonzalez tweaked his lineup for the series finale, hoping a return to the leadoff spot would help Ramirez snap out of his funk. The results were mixed; last year's NL batting champ went 0 for 2 with three walks and is stuck in a 1 - for - 12 rut.
Uggla, batting third in Ramirez's usual spot, led off the fourth with his 13th homer, driving an 0 - 2 pitch from Hisanori Takahashi into the seats in left. It was his fifth of the year against the Mets.