ATLANTA--Alex Rodriguez is starting to get his groove back.
Rodriguez tied Reggie Jackson with his 563rd home run, and Mariano Rivera earned his 499th career save in the New York Yankees' 11 - 7 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Thursday night.
The Yankees have won two straight after a three - game losing streak. New York took sole possession of second place in the AL East and moved four games behind Boston in the AL East.
Rodriguez, who drove in six runs over seven at-bats before striking out in the eighth, gave the Yankees a 10 - 6 lead with a two - run single in the seventh off reliever Peter Moylan.
His 10th homer in the first, a solo shot, tied Jackson for 11th place on baseball's career list.
Rodriguez and Johnny Damon finished with four RBIs.
It was Rodriguez's first road homer since connecting on the first swing of his season at Baltimore on May 8 and his first multihit game since going 5 for 5 at Texas on May 25. The three - time AL MVP seems to have recovered quickly after his average sunk to.204 through his first two at-bats Wednesday.
The Yankees' interleague road trip continues this weekend when they face the rival Mets at Citi Field.
New York won its second straight since general manager Brian Cashman arrived unexpectedly at Turner Field.
Rivera, who needs one save to join Trevor Hoffman as the only pitchers with 500, faced one batter, retiring pinch-hitter Diory Hernandez on fly out, to strand two runners. Rivera has converted 17 of 18 chances this season.
Jeter went 4 for 5, scored four runs and reached on a walk and an error. Damon, whose three - run triple in the third gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead, also had an RBI single to make it 11 - 6 in the eighth. His 95 career triples are the most of any active player.
Atlanta scored five runs in the fourth off Yankees starter Andy Pettitte as the left-hander was chased when Yunel Escobar's two - run single cut the lead to 8 - 6 with two out in third. Pettitte gave up seven hits, six runs--three earned--and three walks with four strikeouts. Reliever Alfredo Aceves (5 - 1) got the win in relief.
Derek Lowe (7 - 6) lost his third straight start, failing to retire a batter in the fourth and allowing seven hits, six runs--four earned--and walked three with four strikeouts in three innings.
The Braves had their second consecutive defeat and fourth in the past six. Atlanta is 1 - 6 - 6 over its past 10 series.
Aceves struck out Garret Anderson to strand two runners in the fourth. He and Phil Coke combined to pitch 4 1/3 scoreless innings before David Roberston gave up Brian McCann's eighth homer in the ninth to end the scoring.
Escobar went 2 for 4 with three RBIs. His first-inning RBI double cut New York's lead to 2 - 1.
Damon improved his average to.538 in 13 at-bats against Lowe. The two were teammates when Boston won the 2004 World Series.
Lowe, who pitched last season for the Los Angeles Dodgers, had gone 37 straight starts without losing three straight. Making his 40th career appearance, including 16 starts, against New York, Lowe dropped to 8 - 11 and raised his ERA to 6.41 when facing the Yankees.