SAN DIEGO--Padres left-hander Clayton Richard had just retired the first three Washington Nationals batters in order when San Diego manager Bud Black realized he had a problem.
The official lineup card that he'd handed umpire Tim Timmons at the plate meeting didn't list Richard as the starter. It listed Adam Russell. Problem was, Russell wasn't even in the stadium. Hours earlier, he'd been optioned to Triple-A Portland, so he was either at the airport or already in the air.
Oops.
The gaffe led to the Nationals protesting the game, which turned out to be a moot point. Josh Willingham hit a three - run home run, Ian Desmond had a solo shot and John Lannan earned his first victory since April 10 as Washington held on to beat the Padres 5 - 3 on Friday night.
No one recalled seeing anything quite like this, especially a manager turning himself in.
At the very least, the umpires will be able to rib Padres bench coach Ted Simmons, the former All-Star catcher who usually fills out the lineup card before Black signs it.
The umpires huddled with Black and Washington manager Jim Riggleman. They talked among themselves, then announced the game was being protested by the Nationals.
According to rule 3.05 (a), the pitcher listed in the lineup handed to the umpire-in-chief has to face the first batter until he is put out or reaches first base, unless the pitcher gets hurt or becomes ill and is unable to pitch.
Had Russell been on the 25-man roster, he would have had to come in and face one batter, and Richard would be finished for the night.
Riggleman said he didn't think the protest would have stood had the Nationals lost.
Nationals closer Matt Capps got out of a huge jam in the ninth to earn his major league-leading 17th save in 18 chances.
Capps allowed three straight singles to load the bases opening the ninth, including infield hits by Oscar Salazar and Jerry Hairston Jr. Chris Denorfia singled to center to bring in Yorvit Torrealba. Pinch-hitter Matt Stairs worked the count full before taking a called third strike on a slider, Will Venable struck out on three pitches and David Eckstein grounded out to third.
With two outs in the fourth, Willingham hit the first pitch he saw from Richard over the fence in straightaway center field to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead. It was his 10th.
This was the fourth time Willingham has homered in consecutive games this season. He has four homers and 11 RBIs in his last six games while going 9 for 19 (.474).
Desmond homered to left with two outs in the seventh to make it 4 - 1. It was his fourth. He laid down a safety squeeze for another RBI in the ninth.
Lannan (2 - 2) held the Padres to two runs--one earned--on seven hits in seven innings to win for the first time since April 10 at the New York Mets.
Richard (4 - 3) had won four straight decisions. He'd only given up one home run this year, in nine starts.
Eckstein doubled leading off the fourth and scored on Adrian Gonzalez's single to center. The Padres got an unearned run in the seventh when Denorfia singled in Salazar, who reached on a throwing error by Desmond, the shortstop.