CHICAGO--Manny Machado was 16 when he first met Alex Rodriguez and they quickly became close friends and offseason workout buddies. So Machado was watching intently Sunday morning as A-Rod announced he was ending his career.
Machado became the second player in major league history to homer in the first, second and third innings, driving in a career-high seven runs in a 10 - 2 rout of James Shields and the Chicago White Sox.
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first and a three - run shot in the second off Shields, who allowed four homers while getting four outs.
Machado hit another two - run homer in the third off Matt Albers. According to STATS, the only other player to do that was Carl Reynolds of the White Sox on July 2, 1930, at the Yankees.
Chris Davis followed Machado's second homer with his own and J. J. Hardy added a two - run shot before Shields (5 - 14) left to boos. The Orioles have hit a major league-best 168 homers this season.
Dylan Bundy (5 - 3) stuck out a career-high nine in six innings in Baltimore's fifth win in seven games. Ubaldo Jiminez pitched three perfect innings for his first career save.
One day after Machado couldn't come up with a popup that drove in the winning run for Chicago, the 24-year-old slugger became the first Baltimore player to homer three times since Davis on May 20, 2014, against Pittsburgh.
The All-Star third baseman pulled all three shots to left field on the warm, breezy day to make it 10 - 0 and give him 25 homers on the season. He's ninth player in big league history to homer in any three consecutive innings.
Machado grounded into a double play in the fifth, lined to center in the seventh and grounded to third in the ninth, failing to become the first Baltimore player to hit four homers in a game.
The Orioles, who sat home run leader Mark Trumbo (31) for the first time this season, showed the depth of their power as they opened a one - game lead over Toronto in the AL East.
Most of the damage came against Shields, who had improved after a rough start with the White Sox following a June trade with San Diego. He was charged with eight runs and six hits with two walks and two hit batters, marking the sixth start the right-hander has allowed at least six runs.
Jose Abreu hit his third homer in four days for the White Sox, who have dropped eight of 11.
Bundy, a rookie reliever-turned-starter, allowed two runs and four hits.