The Miami Heat defeated the Milwaukee Bucks, 106 - 101, at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Wednesday evening. The Heat (26 - 18) came into Wednesday's game looking to extend an impressive stretch that had seen them notch victories in seven of their prior eight contests. Armed with a solid 13 - 9 road record, they certainly appeared capable of accomplishing the feat despite the opposition from a quality squad in the Bucks (23 - 21). A tightly contested first half ended with the hosts holding a relatively slim 57 - 52 advantage, a lead Miami was able to whittle down to one point by the start of the fourth period. After Milwaukee tallied the first five points of the quarter to take an 83 - 78 advantage with 10:56 remaining, the visitors went on a 22 - 10 run over the ensuing 8:22 to garner a seven - point cushion that would prove insurmountable. Khris Middleton got the Bucks as close as 104 - 101 with 10 seconds remaining, but a subsequent pair of Wayne Ellington free throws provided the final margin of victory. Hassan Whiteside led the way for the Heat with a 27 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included a game - high six blocks. Goran Dragic contributed 15 points, five assists and four boards. Kelly Olynyk matched Dragic's scoring total to lead the second unit and added one rebound and one assist. Josh Richardson provided a full line of 14 points, six rebounds, three assists and two steals. Ellington finished with 11 points, five boards and four assists in 28 minutes off the bench. James Johnson supplied nine points, seven rebounds and six assists. Middleton paced the Bucks with 25 points, a total he supplemented with five rebounds, three assists and one steal. Giannis Antetokounmpo managed a 22 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included six assists, two steals and two blocks. Tony Snell led the bench with 12 points and added two rebounds, two assists and one block. Eric Bledsoe managed 11 points, five assists, three rebounds and one steal. John Henson pitched in a 10 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one block. The Heat next head to the Big Apple, where they'll face the Brooklyn Nets on Friday night. Meanwhile, the Bucks head to the City of Brotherly Love for a showdown with the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday evening.