BOSTON (AP)--Tim Wakefield has been twirling his knuckler past hitters for 16 years. Randy Johnson has been firing his fastball by them for 21.
The slow stuff won out Wednesday night when the Boston Red Sox beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 0 in a matchup of starting pitchers with the oldest combined age of any game in Fenway Park history.
So do the Red Sox, who got three doubles from Coco Crisp. The youngest player in their lineup, 24-year-old Brandon Moss, drove in both runs the 44-year-old Johnson allowed.
Wakefield relied on his knuckler, which travels about 65 - 70 mph. He mixed in some curveballs, one as slow as 55 mph--Johnson throws some pitches almost 40 mph faster than that.
Not since Sept. 26, 1965, when Satchel Paige made a one - game comeback after a 12-year absence from the majors, had two pitchers of the combined age of Wakefield and Johnson started against each other in a Red Sox game, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Elias said it also was a match of starters at Fenway with the oldest combined age--86 years, 252 days.
Paige, at 59 years, 81 days, allowed just one hit in three shutout innings. Bill Monbouquette, at 29 years, 45 days, pitched a complete game for a 5 - 2 win over the host Kansas City Athletics. They were a combined 88 years, 126 days old.
Johnson was out of the game by the time Kevin Cash hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Juan Cruz. It was Cash's first homer since June 21, 2005, with Tampa Bay--against Johnson when he was with the New York Yankees.
Wednesday's starters got some of their best results in more than a month.
Wakefield (5 - 5) was 1 - 4 in his previous eight starts. Johnson (4 - 6) had his best outing in five starts, but has lost all of them.
Wakefield baffled the Diamondbacks with his knuckleball and allowed two of Arizona's three hits in seven innings.
Wakefield struck out six, walked one and has allowed three runs or fewer in at least seven innings in six straight starts.
Manny Delcarmen struck out two in a perfect eighth and Jonathan Papelbon struck out Chad Tracy for his 23rd save in 27 chances after Craig Hansen loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth.
Johnson went six innings, allowing two runs on eight hits with five strikeouts and two walks.
Moss, playing right field while lefty J. D. Drew rested against lefty Johnson, drove in two runs without getting a hit.
The Red Sox put runners at second and third with no outs in the second on a single by Mike Lowell and a double by Crisp. With one out, Moss had an RBI grounder.
Johnson struck out the leadoff batter in the sixth, then loaded the bases on a single by Lowell, a double by Crisp and the first intentional walk of Cash's career. Moss came through again with a long sacrifice fly.
Cash's eighth career homer followed a walk to Lowell and another double by Crisp.