PHOENIX--Yonder Alonso knew the San Diego Padres had Ian Kennedy on the ropes, so he delivered a pair of knockout blows.
Alonso hit the last of San Diego's three solo homers and added a two - run single to lead the streaking Padres past the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 3 on Saturday night.
Chase Headley and Carlos Quentin also homered for the Padres, who have won six in a row.
Clayton Richard (11 - 12) allowed three runs and seven hits over eight innings, improving to 5 - 0 in seven career starts against Arizona. He struck out four and walked two.
Richard leads the National League with 184 innings pitched.
Justin Upton celebrated his 25th birthday with his first career inside-the-park home run and Aaron Hill also connected for the slumping Diamondbacks, who have lost two straight and four of six.
Arizona is 4 - 9 in its last 13 home games after winning eight straight at home in July.
Kennedy (11 - 11) faded in the sixth and allowed six runs on four hits over 5 1/3 innings. He walked four, hit a batter with a pitch and struck out six.
Alonso's home run just over the right-field fence leading off the fifth put San Diego ahead 3 - 2, and the Padres quickly added to the lead.
Everth Cabrera walked to start the sixth and was sacrificed to second. Kennedy then walked Headley, hit Quentin in the middle of the back with a pitch and walked Yasmani Grandal to force home Alonso and make it 4 - 2.
Alonso followed with a sharp single to right, scoring Headley and Quentin for a 6 - 2 lead.
San Diego added three more runs in the eighth against Mike Zagurski and Brad Ziegler.
Hill homered in the bottom of the eighth for the Diamondbacks.
Headley homered just inside the right-field foul pole with two outs in the first to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead.
After Paul Goldschmidt walked leading off the second, Upton lofted a pitch to right-center and the ball hit just above the base of the wall and caromed wildly back toward straightaway center. Upton was rounding third base before Cameron Maybin could run down the ball and slid safely across the plate with yards to spare to put the Diamondbacks up 2 - 1.
Quentin tied it with a home run onto the concourse overhanging the center-field wall.