SAN DIEGO--There is no secret when it comes to facing Cincinnati Reds reliever Aroldis Chapman and his 100 mph fastball.
Denorfia did plenty against Chapman on Monday night, hitting a two - run, pinch-hit homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Padres a 2 - 1 victory over the Reds.
With the Reds leading, 1 - 0, Chapman (3 - 4) walked leadoff batter Yonder Alonso on a 3 - 2 pitch. Denorfia then drove a 98 mph first-pitch offering from Chapman over the center-field fence 423 feet away to deal the Reds their fourth straight loss.
Chapman was disappointed he walked Alonso.
Luke Gregerson (5 - 5) pitched the ninth for the win.
San Diego natives Mike Leake and Sean O'Sullivan matched up against each other.
Leake went seven scoreless innings for the Reds, allowing four singles. He retired 12 of the final 13 batters he faced.
O'Sullivan, making his third start for the season for the Padres, went six innings and allowed one run on five hits. He walked five and struck out one.
Reds center fielder Derrick Robinson led off the fifth with a triple off the fence in left-center. He scored when Cesar Izturis hit a grounder to first, which Alonso grabbed, touched first base for the putout then fired home, but Robinson just beat the throw to catcher Nick Hundley.
That snapped a scoreless streak of 22 innings for the Reds going back to the second inning of Saturday night's game against the Dodgers in Los Angeles. They have scored just three runs in their past four games.
Cincinnati loaded the bases in the fifth, but O'Sullivan got Devin Mesoraco to hit a grounder to short.
The teams combined to leave 15 runners on base through the first five innings--nine for the Reds. They also left the bases loaded in the first, while the Padres left them loaded in the third.
Leake got Mark Kotsay to ground to first baseman Joey Votto with the bases loaded to end the third.
The only batter to reach after the third against Leake was Everth Cabrera, who got on with an infield single leading off the fifth, but he was caught stealing by Mesoraco. Cabrera had two of the four hits off Leake.