CLEVELAND--The Streak Buster did it again.
Justin Masterson handled New York's power-packed lineup for 6 2/3 innings and Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer as the Cleveland Indians snapped a nine - game losing streak with a 3 - 1 win over the Yankees on Saturday night.
For the second time this month, Masterson (10 - 11) ended a long skid for the Indians, whose stunning second-half collapse has dropped them from playoff contention. On Aug. 8, Masterson beat Minnesota and stopped Cleveland's 11-game slide, one loss shy of the club record.
Brantley homered in the first inning off Hiroki Kuroda (12 - 9), and the Indians, who were just 3 1/2 games out of first place on July 26, won for only the fifth time in 27 games.
Cleveland is 5 - 18 in August, a month that has felt like a year.
Masterson, roughed up by Oakland in his previous start, allowed one run and seven hits. He walked two, struck out six and worked his way out of a major mess in the sixth, when the Yankees loaded the bases with none out and were a hit away from either tying the game or taking the lead.
With the victory, the Indians avoided becoming the first team since the Kansas City Royals in 2006 to have two losing streaks of at least 10 games in the same season.
Vinnie Pestano replaced Masterson in the seventh, inheriting two runners with two outs. Pestano walked Robinson Cano to load the bases before breaking Mark Teixeira's bat on a popup.
Perez pitched a perfect ninth, striking out Derek Jeter for the final out.
The colorful closer punctuated the strikeout with a fist pump, and moments later, the Indians lined up in the infield to exchange high-fives and celebrate a rare win.
Despite their fifth loss in six road games, the AL East-leading Yankees remained 3 1/2 games ahead of Tampa Bay, which lost 4 - 2 to Oakland.
Kuroda gave up Brantley's homer in the first, but shut out Cleveland on just four hits over the next seven innings. It was his fifth career complete game and first loss when going all the way.
Masterson coasted through five innings, allowing just three hits and holding a 3 - 0 lead.
But the Yankees had him on the ropes in the sixth, when they loaded the bases with none out on two singles and a walk. Teixeira's sacrifice fly to deep center made it 3 - 1, and Masterson walked Curtis Granderson to refill the bases. However, Masterson got Eric Chavez on a liner to third and right fielder Shin-Soo Choo ran down Russell Martin's drive at the warning track.
As the ball left his bat, Martin thought it would clear Choo's head.
Masterson got the first two outs in the seventh, but gave up consecutive singles to Jeter and Nick Swisher. Acta pulled Masterson, who got a loud ovation from the crowd of 34,374--nearly half of them Yankees fans--as he left the field. Fortunately for the Indians, this time their bullpen didn't let them down.
In their previous 22 losses, the Indians had the lead at some point in nine of them but their relievers blew some games in the late innings.