ST. LOUIS--Ryan Ludwick used to get the clutch hits with the Cardinals. His ex-teammates couldn't be that surprised that his biggest hit with the San Diego Padres came at their expense.
Ludwick snapped a ninth-inning tie with a three - run homer for the Padres, who snapped a three - game losing streak by beating St. Louis 8 - 4 Saturday and moved back into first place in the NL West, a half-game up on the San Francisco Giants.
Will Venable and David Eckstein had three hits and an RBI apiece for the Padres, who haven't won in St. Louis since Aug. 7, 2007.
Ludwick and pinch-hitter Matt Stairs hit back-to-back homers off Kyle McClellan (1 - 4), who hadn't allowed a run in eight straight outings but faltered in his second inning after working a scoreless eighth. It was Ludwick's 20th homer, and fifth in 160 at-bats with San Diego.
Although Ludwick is batting only.244 with the Padres, he's 5 for 11 in the first three games of a homecoming series and 10 for 21 on the first six games of a 10-game trip. His drive on an 0 - 1 slider had just enough to clear the left field wall.
"He has a presence to him, and I think every pitcher has to worry about the end result when he's at the plate," Black added.
Jeff Suppan allowed a run in five innings for the Cardinals, who fell 6 1/2 games behind the Reds with 15 games to go. They've struggled offensively since trading Ludwick in a three - team deal that brought pitcher Jake Westbrook from Cleveland at the trade deadline, going 18 - 25.
Chris Young allowed a run on four hits in four innings in his first start since the second game of the season. Out with a strained right shoulder, Young was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list and threw 69 pitches but confessed to too much nervous energy.
Venable, Miguel Tejada and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI apiece in a three - run, six - hit seventh against three relievers to put San Diego ahead 4 - 2. Left fielder Matt Holliday saved a fourth run when he threw out Tejada trying to score on Ludwick's single, Holliday's team-leading seventh assist of the season.
The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the seventh on singles by Colby Rasmus and Pedro Feliz, the first off Luke Gregerson and the second off Mike Adams (4 - 1).
Suppan was the stand-in starter for rookie left-hander Jaime Garcia, who has thrown 163 1/3 innings a year after elbow reconstruction and will be throttled down the rest of the way. Suppan had worked twice totaling 2 2/3 innings since his last start Sept. 1 at Houston.
Skip Schumaker had two hits and the heart of the Cardinals' order, Albert Pujols, Holliday and Rasmus, combined for seven walks, two hits and an RBI. St. Louis' first two runs scored on wild pitches.