ST. LOUIS--After setting a team record for the most consecutive innings without scoring a run, the Milwaukee Brewers now have a new streak going--one they much prefer.
Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer in the 10th inning as the Brewers rallied past the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 Sunday and avoided a sweep.
The Brewers had been shut out in 32 innings before Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer off reliever Trevor Rosenthal in the eighth that made it 3 - 2.
Milwaukee tied it with another run in the ninth and then won on Lucroy's shot. Lucroy credited Braun with getting the Brewers on track.
Braun's second home run of the season snapped a 39-inning shutout streak for St. Louis pitchers. The Brewers had not scored since the second inning Tuesday against the Cubs and had lost three in a row.
Milwaukee tied it in the ninth on a leadoff single by Carlos Gomez and an RBI double by Yuniesky Betancourt off Mitchell Boggs. The Cardinals' closer-for-now left without retiring a batter and blew his second save in five chances.
After retiring Rickie Weeks on a fly to start the 10th, Fernando Salas (0 - 2) gave up Lucroy's first home run of the season.
Brandon Kintzler (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless ninth and got the first out in the 10th. Burke Badenhop retired pinch hitter Carlos Beltran on a grounder for the final out and his first save.
Matt Adams had another big day in the loss for St. Louis, as he had a solo home run and a single in four at-bats. Adams has homered in three straight games and has a hit in all five games he has played.
Adams is batting.611 (11 - for - 18) with three homers and eight RBI.
Matt Holliday had an RBI single and Yadier Molina an RBI double for the other St. Louis runs.
The Cardinals broke through for the game's first two runs against Marco Estrada with four consecutive two - out hits in the third, including an RBI single by Holliday and an RBI double to the gap by Molina. Allen Craig was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Molina's hit.
Adams made it five straight hits when he led off the fourth with a 419-foot homer to center that made it 3 - 0.