CINCINNATI--The Cincinnati Reds are finding that winning record more elusive than ever.
The NL Central leaders were one strike from their 82nd victory Sunday, which would have clinched their first winning season in 10 years, but closer Francisco Cordero couldn't nail it down. Andrew McCutchen hit a three - run double in the ninth inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates stunned Cincinnati 3 - 1.
The Pirates, last in the division, loaded the bases with one out against Cordero (6 - 5), but pinch-hitter Jose Tabata grounded into a forceout at the plate. McCutchen then fell behind in the count 1 - 2 before pulling a line drive into the left-field corner.
"We battled the whole game. We got to their bullpen and pretty much took advantage."
Pirates manager John Russell pointed out that the rally was Pittsburgh's third of the three - game series.
Cordero also gave up a lead Friday in a game the Reds ended up winning 4 - 3 in 12 innings. Nick Masset inherited a 3 - 0 lead and gave up four in the eighth on Saturday in a game the Reds won 5 - 4 in 10 innings.
Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker thought nobody felt worse than Cordero.
Chan Ho Park (1 - 1) worked a hitless eighth inning for the win. Joel Hanrahan loaded the bases with two outs in the ninth before striking out Chris Heisey for his fifth save.
The Reds, who have a six - game lead over second-place St. Louis, are trying to secure their first season of.500 or better since 2000, when they were 85 - 77 in Jack McKeon's last season as manager.
Cincinnati right-hander Johnny Cueto, who was 1/3 in his previous five starts, gave up a two - out single to Neil Walker in the first inning and didn't allow another hit until Pedro Alvarez's single leading off the seventh.
Cueto didn't yield more than one baserunner in any inning until the seventh, when he gave up two hits before striking out Ronny Cedeno to end the threat. That left Cueto with seven strikeouts, one in each inning, and just two walks.
Pittsburgh left-hander Brian Burres was nearly as effective, giving up four hits and one walk with six strikeouts in seven innings.
Joey Votto, who hit a game-ending homer Saturday, drove in the first run Sunday, teaming up with Orlando Cabrera on back-to-back doubles to start the fourth inning. Votto pushed his season total to 102 RBIs.
Votto moved into a tie with St. Louis slugger Albert Pujols for the NL RBI lead with 102. The Cardinals were scheduled to play at Atlanta later Sunday.
Walker extended his hitting streak to 18 games by beating out a slow chopper to third in the first inning. His streak is the longest by a Pittsburgh rookie since Rennie Stennett's 18-game streak in 1971.