MINNEAPOLIS--With his team up by one, the potential tying run on third and Jose Bautista at the plate looking to hit his third home run Friday night, Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire had to decide whether he should intentionally walk the Toronto slugger.
To help make his decision, Gardenhire channeled his predecessor, former Twins manager Tom Kelly.
Matt Capps got Bautista to pop out to third, and Minnesota held on to beat the Blue Jays 7 - 6.
It was Capps' sixth save in six chances.
Darin Mastroianni got his first major league hit and drove in three runs for Minnesota.
Ryan Doumit added two RBIs, and Denard Span had two hits and scored twice in a game that lasted 3 hours, 17 minutes, after rain delayed the first pitch for 1 hour, 51 minutes. Nick Blackburn snapped a 13-start winless streak.
Mastroianni clapped his hands and yelled to himself after both of his hits. It was a rare display of excitement and jubilation in what has been a miserable season for the Twins, baseball's worst team so far.
Bautista hit two solo homers, raising his total at spacious Target Field to nine in nine career games. Minnesota stars Joe Mauer and Justin Morneau have hit seven home runs in 194 games at the 3-year-old ballpark.
Eric Thames and Edwin Encarnacion also homered for Toronto, which lost for only the second time in nine games at Target Field.
Mastroianni's single in the fifth scored Josh Willingham and Doumit to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead.
Bautista led off the sixth with his second home run of the night, and Thames followed two batters later with a two - run shot that landed in front of the black batter's eye in center field.
After Mastroianni drove in an insurance run in the seventh with a single to left, Encarnacion went deep off reliever Glen Perkins to cut it to 7 - 6.
Perkins then allowed two singles but got Colby Rasmus to ground into a double play and pinch hitter Ben Francisco to fly out.
Willingham, not known for his defense, made a diving catch on Francisco's blooper to left field, allowing Perkins to exhale as he walked off the mound.
Blackburn (1 - 4) was pulled after Thames' home run but left with a lead for the first time this season.
Kyle Drabek (2 - 4) was removed after 4 1/3 innings and 109 pitches--only 61 for strikes. He's lost four consecutive starts for the first time in his career.
Drabek's short outing also broke a 34-game streak of Toronto starters lasting at least five innings.
The Blue Jays entered with the third-highest walk total in the American League. Four pitchers walked nine Twins in the game, and five of Minnesota's seven runs reached base via walk.
Minnesota failed to capitalize early, however, going 1 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position before getting four runs in the fifth.
When the long day was finally over early Saturday morning, Gardenhire and the Twins had something to be happy about for the first time in a long time.