BOSTON--Boston catcher Victor Martinez has noticed a difference in struggling slugger David Ortiz.
Ortiz, mired in an early season slump that had him yanked from the DH spot the previous two games, hit his first homer of the season in the Red Sox's 4 - 3 win over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night.
The rest of Ortiz's teammates can only hope Martinez is right.
Ortiz, who was replaced in the lineup by Mike Lowell, entered hitting.146 with just two RBIs. He homered into the Green Monster seats off Jeremy Guthrie, moving Boston ahead 1 - 0 in the second.
Jim Johnson walked Adrian Beltre with the bases loaded to force in the tiebreaker as the Red Sox posted their ninth straight win over the Orioles.
Boston won its third in four games after a five - game losing streak. The Red Sox were 16 - 2 against the Orioles in 2009, winning the final eight meetings.
Adam Jones had a two - run homer for Baltimore, which overcame a 3 - 0 deficit but dropped to a major league-worst 2 - 15 this season.
The Red Sox loaded the bases with a single and two walks against two relievers in the eighth before Beltre took Johnson's 3 - 1 pitch inside for the go-ahead run. Matt Albers (0 - 2) gave up J. D. Drew's leadoff single before retiring the next two batters. Will Ohman walked Martinez intentionally before walking Ortiz on four pitches.
Manny Delcarmen (1 - 1) got the win despite allowing an inherited runner to score in the eighth. Jonathan Papelbon got Julio Lugo to strike out with runners on first and second to end it for his fourth save.
The Orioles didn't make any excuses on how they gave it away in the eighth.
Boston starter Jon Lester worked out of three jams, but left in the sixth inning with a 3 - 0 lead. He remained unbeaten in 13 career starts against Baltimore, 10 - 0 with a 2.22 ERA.
The Red Sox added runs in the third and fifth to open a 3 - 0 edge.
Drew's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third.
Beltre singled leading off the fifth, advanced on Jeremy Hermida's infield hit and went to third on the same play when third baseman Miguel Tejada threw the ball into short right. He then scored on Josh Reddick's double-play grounder.
Jones' two - run homer off Bard made it 3 - 2 in the seventh.
Matt Wieters doubled against Hideki Okajima leading off the eighth and former Red Sox shortstop Lugo pinch ran. Delcarmen entered and walked Nolan Reimold before Garrett Atkins, who ended two innings with the bases loaded, bunted into a fielder's choice--with a close play at second. Pinch hitter Luke Scott's slow roller to second scored Lugo, tying it 3-all.
Atkins took a called third strike against Lester in the fourth and popped to center off reliever Daniel Bard in the sixth.
Guthrie gave up three runs, five hits, walked two without a strikeout in six innings. He's allowed three runs or less in each of his four starts.