MINNEAPOLIS--Asked about the secret behind this year's surprising success, the young Minnesota Twins have often praised their short memories following disappointing defeats.
With 20 games left in the season, the bad stuff is becoming harder to block out.
Curtis Granderson and Magglio Ordonez each hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Detroit Tigers battered Minnesota's struggling bullpen to rally for a 6 - 4 win Saturday.
After relievers took six of the nine losses on their 14-game road trip that ended this week, the Twins watched yet another late lead vanish when manager Ron Gardenhire walked to the mound to replace Baker with one out and one on in the eighth.
Granderson, 0 - for - 7 with four strikeouts previously in his career against lefty Dennys Reyes, drove a 1 - 1 hanging slider into the folded football seats above right field to tie it at 4.
Then Matt Guerrier (6 - 7) gave up a single to Placido Polanco--who was 2 - for - 11 coming in against the right-hander--before Ordonez hit a long drive into the left-field seats on a 2 - 1 pitch that had too much of the plate. Ordonez had just one hit in 11 prior at-bats against Guerrier.
Fernando Rodney picked up his ninth save for Detroit during a wild ninth. Nick Punto walked, Denard Span singled with one out and Alexi Casilla reached on a beautiful bunt single to load the bases.
But Joe Mauer struck out and Justin Morneau lined out to second base, sticking Minnesota--which started the day 1 1/2 games behind first-place Chicago in the AL Central--with its eighth defeat in 71 situations this season when leading after seven innings.
The bullpen hasn't been a problem during Gardenhire's tenure, which started in 2002, but these tough losses have taken a toll.
Baker was at his best, facing the minimum through three and marching into the eighth ahead 4 - 2. He walked four, but gave up only four hits, struck out five and received a raucous ovation when he headed to the dugout.
The crowd, announced at 42,606, the third-largest at the Metrodome this year, quickly turned. Fans booed after both homers, obviously frustrated by the critical failure of the bullpen in a season that has otherwise been a pleasant surprise.
Tigers manager Jim Leyland, his team stuck in fourth place after such high hopes in the spring, was proud.
Justin Verlander followed his worst start of the year with more control problems, walking four in 5 2/3 innings for Detroit. He threw 114 pitches, allowing eight hits and four runs.
Morneau and Jason Kubel hit consecutive doubles in the third to make it 2 - 0, and Carlos Gomez smacked a double down the line with the bases loaded to stretch the lead to four. Brian Buscher was thrown out trying to score from first.
About a half-hour after the game, singer Matthew West began warming up on the field for a concert. The words to one tune that resonated from the stage during the sound check went like this: "It's been a bad day. You've been looking back. And all you can see is everything you wish you could take back."
Fitting for the Twins.