CINCINNATI--Scott Schebler stood and watched his first career game-ending homer stay inside the foul pole, and then flipped his bat and made the tour of the bases. Quite a return for the outfielder.
Schebler's three - run homer in the ninth inning rallied the Cincinnati Reds to a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night in their first game without Jay Bruce. Schebler was called up earlier in the day to take his roster spot, and wound up winning a game.
Mike Matheny's tactical skills have never been celebrated by St. Louis Cardinals' fans, mostly due to the type of decisions Matheny made on Tuesday.
After giving up a walk-off homer to the Cincinnati Reds, the Cardinals appeared crushed knowing that their NL Central title hopes took a blow.
Reds pitcher Homer Bailey questioned the team's overall plan the day after Cincinnati traded Jay Bruce to the Mets.
Brandon Moss and Tommy Pham hit solo homers in the eighth for a 5 - 4 lead, but the Cardinals couldn't hold on in a game that had four lead changes in the last three innings.
Seung Hwan Oh (2 - 2) escaped a bases-loaded threat in the eighth, but gave up a pair of singles to start the ninth. Schebler connected for his second homer of the season.
Jumbo Diaz (1 - 1) fanned Oh with the bases loaded in the top of the ninth to keep it 5 - 4.
The second-place Cardinals are hoping to make a run in the NL Central now that their lineup is closer to full strength. Moss and Jhonny Peralta returned from injuries on Tuesday, and the Cardinals expect to get leadoff hitter Matt Carpenter back later in the week.
Instead, their second-straight walk-off loss dropped them nine games behind the first-place Cubs.
Moss and Peralta had doubles that accounted for a run in the sixth. Moss tied it with a leadoff homer against Blake Wood in the eighth, part of his three - hit game. Pham followed with his first career pinch-hit homer, the fourth by St. Louis.
Wainwright and Jedd Gyorko also had solo shots for St. Louis.
Cincinnati played its first game since Bruce was dealt to the Mets. The right fielder and Adam Duvall were tied for the team lead with 25 homers at the time of the trade. Duvall moved from left field to Bruce's old spot and hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Kevin Siegrist for a 4 - 3 lead.
Cincinnati's Joey Votto had an RBI double among his four hits and extended his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games. Yadier Molina doubled and extended his hitting streak to 16 games as well, the longest by a Cardinal since David Freese hit in 20 in a row in 2013.
Wainwright hit his second homer of the season off Dan Straily, but couldn't beat the Reds. Wainwright went 3 - 0 with a 1.77 ERA in July, but lasted only five innings on Tuesday. He's only 8 - 10 career against the Reds in 21 starts.