ARLINGTON, Texas--Tommy Hunter was knocked around by Boston last season. This time, the Texas rookie right-hander helped knock the Red Sox out of first place.
Hunter allowed one run and four hits over six innings to beat All-Star Josh Beckett, who still threw his third complete game in six starts, in the Rangers' 4 - 2 victory.
Boston has its first four - game losing streak since last July, scoring only eight runs in the stretch. The New York Yankees beat Baltimore 6 - 4 on Tuesday night to break the tie atop the AL East, where the Red Sox had been since June 9.
Boston, which lost two of three at Toronto over the weekend, has lost consecutive series after winning five in a row before the All-Star break.
Hunter (2 - 1), a 23-year-old right-hander drafted only two summers ago, gave up nine runs in 1 2/3 innings at Fenway Park last August in one of his three starts last season.
The Red Sox weren't able to tee off this time against Hunter, who threw a lot of changeups.
Boston's only run against Hunter came in the sixth when Dustin Pedroia had a two - out single and Kevin Youkilis followed with a double into the right-center gap. David Ortiz, who had been thrown out in the second trying to extend a leadoff single, then hit an infield popup on Hunter's last pitch.
Hank Blalock put Texas ahead to stay with a two - run single in the first, though the Texas-born Beckett (11 - 4) retired 13 batters in a row after that until Michael Young's one - out single in the sixth.
Kinsler had a leadoff double and Jones a two - out walk in the first before both advanced on a double steal. Blalock then pulled a liner through the right side of the infield.
Andruw Jones had a leadoff double in the seventh for Texas and scored on David Murphy's flyball to shallow left. Marlon Byrd added a two - out RBI single in the eighth.
Beckett struck out seven and gave up seven hits in his first start since July 12. He threw a three - hit shutout at Kansas City before the All-Star game, where he didn't pitch.
The right-hander was 4 - 0 with a 1.63 ERA his previous five starts, including another shutout. He had been 6 - 0 in games following Boston losses.
C. J. Wilson worked the ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances, despite giving up an RBI single to Mike Lowell. Wilson has saved both games since closer Frank Francisco was put on the disabled list for the third time this season--this time with a case of pneumonia.
Rangers relievers have allowed one run in 14 innings in a three - game winning streak that has followed a four - game slide.