SAN DIEGO--The Florida Marlins got a small measure of revenge against the San Diego Padres, and in spacious Petco Park, no less.
Cody Ross and Gaby Sanchez homered off Wade LeBlanc and the Marlins beat NL West-leading San Diego 4 - 2 on Friday night on just five hits in Miguel Tejada's first game with the Padres.
The Marlins scored one more run than they did in getting swept by the Padres in three games in Miami in late June.
The Marlins have hit 10 home runs in five games on their road trip through San Francisco and San Diego.
Ross homered into the second deck in left-center with two outs in the fourth inning, his 10th, to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead. Sanchez homered to left with one out in the sixth, his 12th, to make it 4 - 1.
LeBlanc has allowed a team-high 16 homers, 11 in his last seven starts.
LeBlanc acknowledged he's made some mistake pitches.
Tejada, acquired Thursday from the Baltimore Orioles, started at shortstop for the first time this season and went 0 - for - 3 with a walk.
He said it felt different to be playing shortstop again.
"But after the start, I got used to it as the game went on.
"I don't want to put pressure on myself," he added. "I want to do what I can do to help the team. This is just one game. They got me to be good for the rest of the season."
The Marlins got their first two runs in the third on Hanley Ramirez's sacrifice fly and Logan Morrison's RBI single.
Chris Volstad (5 - 8) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings, walked three and struck out one.
Leo Nunez pitched the ninth for his 25th save in 30 chances.
LeBlanc (5 - 9) allowed four runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings, struck out five and walked two.
LeBlanc had two singles but was erased both times when Jerry Hairston Jr. hit into double plays.
Hairston singled leading off the Padres' first and with two outs, stole second with Tejada batting. Tejada walked and Chase Headley singled to bring in Hairston. Headley rounded first too far and was caught in a rundown when the Marlins cut off the relay throw home. Tejada then broke for home, was caught in a rundown and tagged out.
The Padres pulled to 4 - 2 in the sixth when Chris Denorfia hit a leadoff triple to right-center and scored on Adrian Gonzalez's single to left. Gonzalez was thrown out trying to take third on Headley's grounder to short.