CHICAGO--Long after Kyle Hendricks looked like Kyle Hendricks again and the Chicago Cubs got big hits from Anthony Rizzo and Kyle Schwarber, Cincinnati Reds manager Bryan Price was still upset about the end of the game.
The Cubs wrapped up a 7 - 5 victory over the Reds on Wednesday night when a replay review overturned a safe call on a close play at first that could have brought the potential tying run to the plate.
Wade Davis retired the first two batters in the Cincinnati ninth before Joey Votto hit a grounder up the middle that shortstop Addison Russell fielded on the other side of second base. Rizzo had to stretch as far as he could go to bring in Russell's throw, and Votto was ruled safe by first base umpire Ed Hickox.
Cubs manager Joe Maddon challenged the call, and won.
Price was surprised by the reversal. He said he talked to Reds general manager Dick Williams about calling Major League Baseball about the play.
Rizzo and Schwarber each drove in two runs as Chicago improved to 22 - 5 in its last 27 games against Cincinnati. Hendricks (3 - 2) pitched six effective innings, Davis got his ninth save and Ben Zobrist reached three times with two hits and a walk in his return to the lineup after missing two games with lower back tightness.
Hendricks improved to 2 - 1 with a 1.82 ERA in his last five starts after going 1 - 1 with a 6.19 ERA in his first three outings. It's a very encouraging sign for the Cubs after the wiry right-hander blossomed into one of their most dependable starters last year.
Zack Cozart had three hits and two RBI in Cincinnati's season-high fifth straight loss, but Adam Duvall committed a big error in left field and the Reds missed a couple more plays on defense that led to productive innings for the Cubs. Cozart connected for a solo shot in the third that extended his Wrigley Field homer streak to five games, matching a record for any player at the iconic ballpark.
Cozart put Cincinnati in front with an RBI single in the first, but Chicago went ahead to stay with five runs in the second against Scott Feldman (2 - 4).
Votto tried for a backhand stab on Schwarber's hard-hit grounder to first, but it skipped by him for a tiebreaking two - run single. Rizzo's two - run single went off the glove of second baseman Jose Peraza in shallow right field, helping the Cubs open a 5 - 1 lead.
Chicago added two unearned runs in the third after Duvall misplayed Miguel Montero's fly ball for Cincinnati's NL-low 17th error. Hendricks drove in Zobrist with a well-placed sacrifice bunt, and Jon Jay added an RBI single.