BALTIMORE--The last time the Baltimore Orioles got off to a start like this, they ended up winning the World Series.
It's way too soon for the Orioles to be thinking about things like that because, after all, they've still got 157 games left. For now, however, Baltimore is the only unbeaten team in the major leagues.
Manny Machado went 4 for 4 with a two - run homer, and the Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 3 Sunday for their fifth straight victory.
The torrid start matches the 1970 team for the best in Orioles history. After sweeping Minnesota in three games to open the season, Baltimore completed the homestand by taking two from Tampa Bay in a rain-abbreviated series.
Vance Worley gave up three runs over 4 2/3 innings in his Orioles debut and the bullpen blanked the Rays on one hit the rest of the way. Brad Brach (1 - 0) entered in the fifth and Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth for his second save.
Baltimore's starting rotation was supposed to be the team's weakest link, but the group is a collective 3 - 0 with a 2.28 ERA.
South Korean outfielder Hyun Soo Kim made his major league debut for Baltimore, starting in left field and batting ninth. He got two infield hits and went 2 for 3 before being lifted for a pinch runner in the seventh inning.
It's been a tough transition for Kim, who struggled in spring training and was the last position player on the Orioles to get in a game during the regular season.
Corey Dickerson homered for the Rays, who struck out 12 times and stranded nine runners.
Down 4 - 3, Tampa Bay loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth against Darren O'Day before pinch hitter Hank Conger whiffed on the sidearmer's 33rd pitch of the inning.
Machado doubled and scored on a wild pitch in the bottom half.
Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second inning. Pedro Alvarez beat out a grounder--his first hit with the Orioles--and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop. After rookie Joey Rickard delivered a sacrifice fly, Machado hit his second homer of the season on a 1 - 2 pitch from Jake Odorizzi (0 - 1).
Odorizzi settled down, but the damage was done.
Dickerson homered in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 and extend the Rays' club-record streak of games with a longball to 20.
Tampa Bay used two - out RBI singles by Evan Longoria and Steve Pearce to chase Worley in the fifth.