The Houston Rockets beat the intrastate rival Dallas Mavericks, 120 - 104, at Toyota Center on Monday night. The Rockets (33 - 23) were looking to get back on the right track after having endured a heartbreaking loss to the Thunder in their most recent game, a contest in which they'd blown a 26 - point second - half lead. The first quarter was tightly contested, but Houston opened up a 14 - point lead by halftime with a 39 - point haul in the second. The Mavericks (26 - 30) were unable to make any further inroads into their deficit when it was all said and done, as the hosts had actually added two points to their advantage by game's end. Ball security was decidedly in the Rockets' favor, as they committed only half of the 18 turnovers they forced Dallas into. Luka Donic generated a 21 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included eight assists to lead the Mavericks. Jalen Brunson provided 13 points, five rebounds and one assist. Dwight Powell generated 12 points and four boards. Tim Hardaway, Jr. totaled 10 points and four rebounds while shooting just 3 - for - 10. Maxi Kleber contributed nine points, two rebounds, two assists and one block, while Dorian Finney-Smith, Trey Burke and Devin Harris all had matching eight - point tallies. James Harden just managed to extend his streak of 30 - point efforts while leading the Rockets, as he compiled 31 points, eight rebounds, seven assists and five steals. Gerald Green had a bench - leading 19 points while also hauling in six rebounds and dishing out one assist. Eric Gordon supplied 18 points, two rebounds and one assist. Chris Paul pitched in a 17 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds and two steals. Kenneth Faried matched Paul's scoring total and also notched eight boards, one assist, one steal and one block. The Mavericks make the short trip back home to face the Miami Heat on Wednesday night, while the Rockets pay a visit to the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday evening as well.