BALTIMORE--The Cleveland Indians were doubly rewarded for their patience: Jeremy Sowers and Travis Hafner both put on a performance reminiscent of their past.
Sowers pitched eight innings of four - hit ball and Hafner had two singles in his long-awaited return from the disabled list to lead the Indians over the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 1 on Tuesday night.
Sowers (3 - 8) gave up one run, struck out seven and walked one. The left-hander was 1 - 5 with a 7.43 ERA in nine road starts and 0 - 2 with a 9.50 ERA in four career appearances against the Orioles.
It was the most effective outing of the season by the former No. 1 draft pick, who is seeking to regain the form he displayed while going 7 - 4 in 2006.
Sowers twice retired 10 consecutive batters. He threw 96 pitches, 72 for strikes.
Hafner went 2 - for - 4 with a walk in his first game since May 25, when he was placed on the DL with a strained right shoulder.
A career.290 hitter, Hafner was batting.217 at the time of the injury. Batting fifth, he had a role in three different innings in which the Indians scored.
Cleveland's Shin-Soo Choo went 0 - for - 5, ending his 12-game hitting streak and run of 28 straight games reaching base safely.
Ramon Hernandez drove in the lone run for the Orioles, who have lost 14 of 16.
Baltimore starter Radhames Liz (5 - 5) allowed four runs, three earned, and eight hits in 4 2/3 innings. He walked three, upping his season total to 44 in 65 innings.
In his previous outing, the right-hander allowed nine runs in 3 1/3 innings against Boston.
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out RBI single for the Indians in the first inning, and Cleveland made it 2 - 0 with an unearned run in the third. Peralta reached on a throwing error by third baseman Aubrey Huff, took second on a single by Hafner and scored on a two - out single by Michael Aubrey.
A walk to Asdrubal Cabrera and a triple by David Dellucci produced another run in the fourth. Hernandez hit a run-scoring groundout to get Baltimore within 3 - 1 in the bottom half.
In the Cleveland fifth, Kelly Shoppach doubled and Andy Marte ended an 11-pitch at-bat--and Liz's night--with an RBI double.
A sacrifice fly by Cabrera made it 5 - 1 in the seventh, and Shoppach hit an RBI double in the eighth after Hafner received an intentional walk.