CLEVELAND--Dallas Keuchel pitched another masterpiece and the Houston Astros endured a frightening collision in a 4 - 2 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night.
Keuchel pitched a complete game to extend his promising start to the season, even as Jose Altuve and Teoscar Hernandez left after colliding in the eighth inning.
The pair appeared to avoid serious injury and was in Houston's clubhouse following the game.
Altuve and Hernandez crashed into each other chasing a popup in right field and stayed down for a while. Altuve appeared to get hit near his chin by Hernandez's arm, but he walked off the field under his own power. Hernandez, called up from the minors before the game, was carted off the field with a left leg contusion.
Hinch said Altuve's left shoulder got banged up and a decision will be made Wednesday whether he'll play in the second game of the series.
Altuve, last season's AL batting champion, plans on being in the lineup.
Hernandez could miss some time, and his injury is another setback for Houston's outfield. George Springer (strained left hamstring) didn't start for the second straight game but came in after the collision, and Jake Marisnick (concussion) is out.
Keuchel (4 - 0) gave up solo homers to Austin Jackson in the third and Michael Brantley in the ninth. The left-hander, who won the AL Cy Young Award in 2015, held Cleveland to six hits and has a 1.22 ERA.
Josh Reddick gave Houston a 3 - 1 lead with a two - run single in the fifth, and then took a home run away from Jason Kipnis with a leaping catch at the center field fence in the bottom of the inning.
Josh Tomlin (1 - 3) allowed three runs--all in the fifth--in six innings.
Houston is 10 - 2 since April 11 and leads the AL West at 14 - 6.
Brantley started the ninth with a home run and Jose Ramirez reached on a one - out single. Kipnis struck out and Brandon Guyer grounded out to end the game.
Keuchel went 20 - 8 with a 2.48 ERA two years ago. Plagued by a sore shoulder last season, he finished 9 - 12 with a 4.55 ERA and didn't pitch in September.
Jackson hit his first home run since Oct. 1, 2015, while playing for the Cubs against Cincinnati.
Reddick tracked Kipnis' towering drive to dead-center in the fifth and pulled it back in the park with a leaping grab. Keuchel let out a yell as Kipnis held his helmet in frustration as he rounded first base.
Houston began the fifth with four straight hits, including Norichika Aoki's RBI single that tied the game.
Cleveland, coming off a 5 - 1 road trip, fell to 2 - 5 at Progressive Field.