ATLANTA--Tommy Hanson faded after a strong start to his major league debut, but Chipper Jones and the Braves offense snapped out of a scoring drought to bail out the rookie.
Jones had four hits, including two homers, and matched his career high with five RBIs to help the Braves rally past Milwaukee 8 - 7 on Sunday to prevent the Brewers from their first series sweep in Atlanta.
The NL Central-leading Brewers had a pair of two - run homers from Ryan Braun.
Hanson retired the first 10 Milwaukee batters before giving up seven runs, six earned, in six innings.
Even so, Hanson was the popular topic in postgame interviews.
Hanson, the Braves' most heralded pitching prospect of this decade, said poor command helped lead to three home runs.
"Just chalk it up to, today happened, get it behind me, get ready for the next one."
Braun said the Brewers were trying to get a feel for Hanson early in the game.
Hanson struck out the side in the second with his fastball clocked at 96 mph.
The Braves trailed 7 - 5 before scoring three runs in the eighth off Carlos Villanueva (2 - 4).
Brian McCann's pinch-hit double drove in Martin Prado. Nate McLouth added a tying double and scored the go-ahead run on Yunel Escobar's single to left.
Eric O'Flaherty (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless eighth for Atlanta. Mike Gonzalez pitched the ninth for his eighth save.
The Braves led 5 - 3 before Braun and Cameron hit two - run homers off Hanson in a four - run sixth inning. Braun hit another two - run homer in the fourth.
Jones left Saturday night's game with dizziness, but returned with a season-high four hits and an intentional walk. He drove in a run with a first-inning triple.
Manny Parra gave up eight hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings.
The Brewers shut out the Braves in the first two games of the series, the second time this season Atlanta has suffered back-to-back shutout losses.
The Braves ended their streak of 22 scoreless innings in the first when Escobar hit a single and scored on Jones' triple to center. Jones' sinking liner skipped past Cameron in center field. Cameron tried to make the catch and then had to turn around and run back toward the wall.
Jones' homer gave Atlanta a 2 - 0 lead in the third.