The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 127 - 110, at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday evening. While much fanfare surrounded the expected debut of Isaiah Thomas (hip) on Tuesday, the Cavaliers (25 - 12) were likely more focused on simply righting their ship after having lost four of their previous five games, a stretch that even included a defeat at the hands of the lowly Sacramento Kings. Matters weren't looking too positive in that regard in the first half, as the Trail Blazers (19 - 18), buoyed by the return of their star point guard Damian Lillard from a hamstring injury, forged a 56 - 53 halftime lead. However, Cleveland came out firing on all cylinders offensively after intermission and never let up, scoring an impressive 74 points over the final 24 minutes to put together a comfortable double - digit home win. Thomas' encouraging play was certainly an added bonus, as he produced 17 points and three assists over just 19 minutes, shooting 50 percent (6 - for - 12) from the field. The home squad enjoyed a strong shooting night overall, posting a 52 percent success rate from the floor, including 41 percent from three - point range. Lillard paced the Blazers in his return from a five - game absence, managing 25 points, six assists and one steal. Jusuf Nurkic tallied 23 points, seven boards, four assists and two steals. C.J. McCollum took on a less pronounced role in the offense with Lillard's return but still supplied 19 points, five boards and four assists. Evan Turner filled out the stat sheet with 15 points, eight rebounds, three assists and one block. Al-Farouq Aminu mustered a modest five points but also brought down nine rebounds, dished out two assists and recorded one steal. Noah Vonleh led the reserves with six points and added three rebounds. LeBron James led the Cavaliers with 24 points, eight assists, six rebounds, four steals and one block. Kevin Love, questionable until earlier in the afternoon with an illness, registered 19 points, seven rebounds, one steal and one block. Jae Crowder tallied 17 points, three assists, two rebounds, two steals and one block. Thomas led the bench with his aforementioned scoring total, while Dwyane Wade (15 points, eight rebounds, three assists) and Jeff Green (10 points, five assists, four rebounds, two steals) were productive off the second unit as well. The Trail Blazers head back home to face the Atlanta Hawks on Friday evening, while the Cavaliers hit the road to face the Boston Celtics on Wednesday night.