The Boston Celtics defeated the Washington Wizards, 123 - 111, at TD Garden on Sunday afternoon in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference semifinals. The Celtics lead the series, 10. There's likely been few starts to a game more deceiving than Sunday's series - opening tilt, with the Wizards (0 - 1) looking like they were playing against air in building a 160 lead over the first 3:57. Their edge even got slightly larger when John Wall's two - point shot at the 7:11 mark of the first gave Washington a 20 - 3 advantage. However, once the Celtics got the wake - up call, they became nearly impossible to stop. The comeback began during the remainder of the first period, although Boston still faced a 38 - 24 deficit entering the second. They then proceeded to outscore Washington by a 71 - 42 margin from that point until the end of the third quarter, with Isaiah Thomas, Jae Crowder and Al Horford making a majority of the contributions. Although in - game history repeated itself to start the fourth - - with the home team failing to score over the opening 4:6 - - the Celtics turned it back on to still tally a 28 - point period to close out the win. Both teams shot well, but it was Boston's excellent 49 percent success rate from long range, which consisted of a franchise playoff record - tying 19 threes, that was key to their early comeback and victory. Bradley Beal led the way for the Wizards with 27 points, four assists, one rebound, one steal and one block. John Wall was next with 20 points, 16 assists, four rebounds, two blocks and one steal, but also committed a game - high eight turnovers. Marcin Gortat and Otto Porter, Jr. provided matching 16 - point tallies, with the former adding 13 rebounds, four assists, one steal and one block, and Porter posting 11 rebounds, two steals and one assist. Kelly Oubre, Jr. led the bench with 12 points, which he supplemented with one rebound and two blocks. Bojan Bogdanovic was productive on the second unit as well with 10 points, three boards, one assist and one steal. Thomas paced the Celtics with 33 points, which he complemented with nine assists, one rebound and one block. Crowder supplied a surprising 24 points, along with six rebounds, one assist and one steal, including a team - best 6 - for - 8 tally from three - point range. Horford had a near triple - double of 21 points, 10 assists, nine rebounds and one block. Kelly Olynyk led the bench with 12 points, four boards and two assists. Gerald Green got the start at small forward once again but produced no stats over a scant seven minutes. The two teams reconvene for Game 2 on Tuesday night at TD Garden.