DENVER--"Are the fireworks about to start?" Dexter Fowler wondered as he sauntered out of the shower.
The pyrotechnics show going on at Coors Field was secondary to the thunderous prelude provided by Fowler, who went 7 for 9 and reached base nine times Monday in his return to the top of the batting order, sparking the Colorado Rockies' doubleheader sweep of the Houston Astros.
The Rockies won the opener 9 - 7 and the nightcap 7 - 6 when Fowler capped his big day with a game-ending triple off Brett Myers with one out in the 10th inning.
When right fielder Brian Bogusevic turned his back and gave chase rather than try to cut it off, the ball scooted into the corner. Fowler wasn't even to second base when he thrust his right arm into the air in celebration, certain that Michael Cuddyer would score from first.
After Cuddyer slid across home plate ahead of the throw, Fowler ripped off his helmet and threw it across the field in excitement as his teammates streamed out of the dugout to mob him.
The Rockies had entered the day 6 - 18 in May and Fowler had struggled so mightily he was dropped to eighth in the order.
Fowler batted leadoff for the first time all season and he reached base nine times in 11 trips to the plate with a sacrifice bunt accounting for one of the times he didn't.
Coming into the Memorial Day twin-bill, Fowler had just two hits over his previous eight games, with both hits being pinch-hit home runs. He'd also been nursing a sprained right ankle that he hurt in Miami when he slipped in the dugout last week jumping up to high-five Gonzalez.
Josh Roenicke (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win. Myers fell to 0 - 2.
In the opener, struggling right-hander Jeremy Guthrie finally found a way to contribute to a Rockies victory. Pinch-running for Jason Giambi in the eighth, he scored the go-ahead run in Colorado's 9 - 7 victory.
Fowler collected three hits and scored twice in the opener, then did more damage in the nightcap, leading off the game with a homer off Jordan Lyles, singling and scoring in the third and drawing a two - out, full-count, bases-loaded walk in the fourth that was followed by Marco Scutaro's bases-clearing double.
After Bogusevic's two - run homer off Alex White gave the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the third, Fowler bunted his way aboard in the bottom half of the inning and went all the way to third on third baseman Matt Downs' throwing error. He scored on Gonzalez's groundout.
Houston scored twice more in the fourth, when Chris Snyder hit a solo homer, his third, but the Rockies responded with four runs in the bottom half. Snyder's run-scoring single in the fifth made it 6 - 5, and Justin Maxwell's pinch-hit homer in the sixth tied it and chased White, who allowed six runs on 10 hits in five - plus innings. Lyles gave up six runs, four earned, on six hits in five innings.
In the opener, it was Guthrie's right foot and not his right arm that made the difference.
With the score tied at 7, Astros shortstop Jed Lowrie fielded Fowler's two - out roller and flipped to second baseman Jose Altuve, who wasn't expecting the throw and didn't cover the bag. The ball hit Guthrie's right foot and bounced into no-man's land in center field.
Quickly realizing the situation, Guthrie raced to third and Fowler scooted into second.
Fowler was credited with a single and Lowrie got an error, setting the stage for Jordan Pacheco, who blooped a single to center off Fernando Rodriguez (1 - 5), scoring both runners.
Matt Belisle (2 - 2) earned the win with a scoreless inning of relief, and Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 tries.
Astros ace Wandy Rodriguez was hit hard in the opener, allowing seven runs, four earned, and 10 hits in five innings, and Juan Nicasio gave up five runs and nine hits over six innings.
Colorado's bullpen allowed just one run over eight innings.
And thanks to their no-longer-struggling center fielder.