MIAMI (AP)--Working out on the carpet in the Los Angeles Dodgers' clubhouse, first baseman James Loney observed the postgame throng around Chad Billingsley.
"What did he do?" Loney asked, feigning bewilderment.
"I got my first win of the year," Billingsley answered with a mixture of pride and relief.
The right-hander struck out eight in seven innings to help the Dodgers extend their winning streak to five games Wednesday by beating the Florida Marlins 13 - 1.
Rafael Furcal had a career-high five hits, Russell Martin homered, and Loney and Blake DeWitt each hit a bases-loaded triple. But it was the breakthrough by Billingsley (1 - 4) that made the win especially sweet for the Dodgers.
Billingsley allowed three hits and one run to lower his ERA from 6.53 to 5.20. He increased his strikeout total to 40 in 27 2/3 innings, a ratio that suggests he has the stuff to dominate hitters.
Furcal went 5 - for - 6 with a double, giving him 17 extra-base hits, the most by a Dodger at the end of April since the team moved to Los Angeles in 1958. Furcal's batting average rose to.381.
Scott Olsen (3 - 1) allowed seven hits and four runs in five innings, and the NL East-leading Marlins lost for the first time in his six starts.
Torre used the same lineup for the second game in a row, which made it 25 lineups in 27 games, and again it clicked. The Dodgers had 15 hits to give them 29 in the past two games.
Billingsley was grateful for the offensive support.
Matt Kemp had three hits and three RBIs in Los Angeles' most lopsided win this year.
The winning streak is the Dodgers' longest since running off five in a row July 8 - 16 last year.
Martin's leadoff homer in the second inning put them ahead 1 - 0, and they scored two runs in the third. Olsen walked Billingsley, and Furcal singled. Both runners advanced on a sacrifice and came home on Kemp's single.
Kemp hit a two - out double in the fifth and scored on Jeff Kent's single.
Florida made it 4 - 1 in the fifth on Jeremy Hermida's RBI infield single, but Billingsley struck out Jorge Cantu with the bases loaded to end the inning.
Loney cleared the bases with a triple off Taylor Tankersley in the seventh, then scored on DeWitt's single to put the Dodgers up 8 - 1.
DeWitt had an RBI single in the seventh and a three - run triple in the eighth. The Dodgers batted around in both innings.