MILWAUKEE--Mark Rogers and Jeremy Jeffress combined to help the Milwaukee Brewers to their third consecutive win.
Rogers pitched three hitless innings and Jeffress threw the next two to earn his first career victory, leading the Brewers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Friday night.
Ryan Braun drove in three runs for the Brewers.
With Milwaukee's starting rotation struggling the past two seasons, Rogers and Jeffress realize that they may be viewed as the two pitchers who could turn things around.
Jeffress was taken in the first round in 2006 but his career appeared in jeopardy after he was suspended 50 games in 2007 and 100 games in' 09 for violating Major League Baseball's drug policy.
On Friday, Jeffress (1 - 0) entered in the fourth inning and pitched two scoreless innings after taking over for Rogers.
Marlins rookie Logan Morrison's 42-game streak of reaching base safely was snapped. He went 0 for 4 with two strikeouts.
Jeffress, who turned 23 this week, had been considered one of the Brewers' top prospects before the two suspensions put his baseball future in doubt.
Rogers, in his first major league start, worked out of a bases-loaded jam after he hit a batter and walked two.
The long inning cost Rogers an opportunity to pitch deeper into the game while on a 60-pitch limit.
Brewers manager Ken Macha believes both players could benefit from more work in the bullpen next season before being strongly considered full-time starters.
Rogers also collected his first hit in his first career at-bat in the third on a slow roller that got under the glove of second baseman Dan Uggla. Rogers scored the first run on Braun's two - out, two - run single.
Rogers' career has been slowed by two shoulder surgeries. The 24-year-old right-hander was drafted ahead of second-round pick Yovani Gallardo, the Brewers' ace who signed a $30.1 million contract extension in April.
Braun doubled in a run in the fifth off Marlins starter Andrew Miller (1 - 4), another former first-round pick who has struggled to meet expectations. Prince Fielder followed with an RBI single that gave the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead.
Braun finished 2 for 4 after missing a game because he was hit in his upper left elbow by a pitch Wednesday night.
Morrison's streak tied the longest in the majors this season and was the longest by a rookie in Marlins history.
Florida had just one hit through the first six innings before breaking through in the seventh with three hits, including Ozzie Martinez's RBI single.
The loss eliminated the Marlins from playoff contention, but manager Edwin Rodriguez expects his team to finish with a flourish.