The Detroit Pistons defeated the Houston Rockets, 108 - 101, at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday evening. The hard - fought contest featured a first half in which both clubs matched each other virtually basket for basket, leading to a slim 58 - 57 halftime advantage for the Rockets (27 - 11). However, the third quarter is when the Pistons (21 - 17) managed to distance themselves, as Detroit racked up 31 points while limiting Houston to a modest 19. That enabled them to enter the final 12 minutes with a relatively comfortable 88 - 77 advantage, which allowed them to withstand a strong 24 - point period by the visitors. Detroit consistently got it done on the offensive end, as evidenced by a 51 percent success rate from the field, including 48 percent from three - point range. Chris Paul led the way once again for the Rockets, managing a 16 - point, 13 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds and two steals. Eric Gordon, Trevor Ariza and Gerald Green all followed with 15 - point efforts, with the latter making his contributions from the bench. Gordon also posted seven assists and three rebounds, Ariza provided four boards and one assist and Green added three rebounds to his scoring total. Clint Capela posted a 14 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included two blocks. Tarik Black was productive on the second unit as well with 13 points, six rebounds and one block. Tobias Harris paced the Pistons with 27 points, which he supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist and one steal. Ish Smith managed 17 points, four assists, three rebounds and two steals. Dwight Buycks followed with a bench - leading 16 points and added two rebounds, two assists and one block. Reggie Bullock supplied 14 points, two rebounds and two assists. Avery Bradley registered 12 points, three assists, one rebound and one steal. With Andre Drummond sitting out with a rib contusion, both Boban Marjanovic and Eric Moreland saw extended opportunity. The former contributed 10 points, five rebounds, one assist and two blocks, while the latter totaled eight points, eight boards, four assists, two steals and one block. The Rockets remain in the Midwest and next head to the Windy City, where they'll face the Bulls on Monday night. The Pistons also hit the road and head down to the Big Easy for a showdown with the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday evening as well.