TORONTO--Roughed up in Cleveland his last time out, Boston's Chris Sale couldn't wait to get back on the mound.
The down time between starts sure seemed to drag, however.
"It seemed like a month," Sale joked.
Maybe so, but it was definitely worth waiting for.
Sale and two relievers combined on a four - hitter, Hanley Ramirez hit a solo home run and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 0 on Tuesday night.
Sale (15 - 6) fanned 11 in his ML-best 17th double-digit strikeout game, raising his league-leading total to 264. His 15 wins lead the AL.
The left-hander, who matched a season-worst by allowing seven runs in his previous outing, gave up just three hits in seven innings.
Red Sox manager John Farrell credited his ace for "an outstanding effort."
Sale has not allowed a run in 22 innings against the Blue Jays this season.
After Toronto DH Kendrys Morales hit a one - out double in the second inning, Sale retired 17 consecutive batters before Morales singled to begin the eighth.
Kevin Pillar chased Sale with a single, and Addison Reed came on to strike out pinch-hitter Ezequiel Carrera and Miguel Montero. Ryan Goins singled to load the bases for Steve Pearce, but he grounded into a fielder's choice.
Craig Kimbrel finished for his 31st save in 35 chances.
Toronto has lost nine of 11.
Sale caught Pillar looking at strike three in the second for the 1,500th strikeout of his career. Sale reached the milestone in 1,290 innings, quicker than any other pitcher. Kerry Wood did it in 1,303 innings.
Even Sale considered his achievement "pretty crazy."
Promoted from Triple-A Buffalo to make his first start for the Blue Jays, left-hander Brett Anderson (2 - 3) allowed one run in 5 2/3 innings
Boston's Eduardo Nunez doubled in the first and tried to score on a two - out single by Mookie Betts, but was thrown out at home plate by right fielder Jose Bautista.
After Morales doubled in the second, Sale and Anderson combined to retire 22 consecutive batters before Boston's Rajai Davis hit a two - out single in the sixth. Davis stole second and scored the game's first run when Nunez blooped an RBI double past a sliding Bautista, who failed to make a backhanded catch.
Anderson left after Andrew Benintendi followed with an infield single. Dominic Leone came on and retired Betts to end the inning.
Ramirez hit a two - out drive off Leone in the sixth, his 20th.