NEW YORK--The Blair Pitch Project started to show results for the Atlanta Braves.
Using a revised windup developed during a brief trip to the minor leagues, Aaron Blair won for the first time in 13 major league starts and helped the Braves slow the New York Mets' wild-card chase with a 7 - 3 victory Monday night.
Acquired from Arizona along with Dansby Swanson and Ender Inciarte in December's trade that sent Shelby Miller to the Diamondbacks, Blair had been 0 - 6 with an 8.23 ERA in his first 12 big league starts, including 0 - 2 in three outings against the Mets.
Freddie Freeman, getting little sleep after bringing his newborn son home from a hospital late Sunday, drove in three runs off a misfiring Noah Syndergaard. Freeman had four hits for the Braves, who have the worst record in the National League, and Swanson had three hits and three RBI.
Blair, a 24-year-old right-hander selected 36th overall in the 2013 amateur draft, went on the disabled list after an Aug. 28 loss because of a strained left knee, then worked on his mechanics during two injury rehabilitation starts in the minors. Braves pitching coach Roger McDowell wanted him to cut down on the turn in his rotation, to reach out farther with his pitching arm and to stay more upright.
Activated to start against the Mets, Blair (1 - 6) did not allow a hit until the fourth, when Curtis Granderson singled and T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer.
Blair gave up six hits in six innings, struck out four and walked one, lowering his ERA to 7.71.
Blair was given the ball from the final out and received more than 50 text messages of congratulations.
Syndergaard (13 - 9) allowed five runs in 3 2/3 innings, and Atlanta fouled off 26 of his 99 pitches. He started to falter in a 35-pitch second that included consecutive walks and RBI singles by Swanson and Inciarte, the first on a 99.9 mph fastball and the second on a slider.
Freeman led off the third with an opposite-field homer to left, extending his streaks for hits to 23 games and for reaching base to 39. Freeman then reached down to slice an opposite-field, two - run double in the fourth for a 5 - 0 lead.
Freeman could barely keep his eyes open afterward.