SEATTLE--After three straight days of mediocre performances from its starting rotation, Seattle needed Nathan Karns to eat up some innings and give the Mariners relievers some rest.
Karns did his job and kept the Mariners hanging around long enough for two big innings and big home runs from Kyle Seager and Dae-Ho Lee.
Seager's two - run homer in the sixth inning snapped a 2-all tie and Lee's three - run shot capped a five - run eighth inning to give the Mariners a 9 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Monday.
Seattle snapped a three - game losing streak after getting swept at home by Minnesota, the worst team in the American League, thanks to those two big innings and perhaps Karns' best performance of the season.
Karns (5 - 1) won his fifth straight decision and pitched 6 2/3 innings, striking out six. Seattle's starting trio of Felix Hernandez, Wade Miley and Taijuan Walker combined for just 14 innings pitched in the three - game sweep by Minnesota, and the effort by Karns was needed to give some bullpen a break.
Karns' ability to keep the game close allowed Seattle to break out offensively late, starting with Seager's that capped a four - run sixth inning. The two - run shot bounced off the top of the wall in right-center field and barely eluded the glove of San Diego's Matt Kemp.
Adam Lind had a two - run single in the eighth after Seager was intentionally walked and Lee followed with his seventh homer of the year.
Down 2 - 0 entering the sixth, Nori Aoki started Seattle's rally by reaching on catcher's interference when his swing clipped the glove of Derek Norris. He scored on Smith's second double of the game off San Diego starter Andrew Cashner (2 - 5). After Robinson Cano popped out, Nelson Cruz's ground ball found its way through the infield to draw Seattle even at 2 - 2.
The game was tied for just a matter of seconds. Seager jumped on the first pitch from Cashner driving it to deep right center. Kemp had a chance to pull back the home run but hit the wall as he jumped and limited his extension. Seager's ball avoided Kemp's glove, hit off the top of the padded wall and bounced into the stands.