MILWAUKEE (AP)--Gabe Gross stole second and sped home with the game-winning run. He might as well have kept running to Tampa Bay.
Gross scored on Gabe Kapler's single with one out in the 12th inning in the Brewers' 9 - 8 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday.
After the game, the team announced Gross had been traded to the Rays in a deal for minor league pitcher Josh Butler.
It was a fitting end to a downright wacky game that included another oddity: Slugger Albert Pujols playing second base for the first time in his big league career. He had lobbied Cardinals manager Tony La Russa to play shortstop after Cesar Izturis was forced to leave the game.
All of it unfolded as the Cardinals rallied from a five - run deficit off the Brewers' beleaguered bullpen before Kapler singled off St. Louis closer Jason Isringhausen (1 - 1) to end the game.
Milwaukee gave up four runs in the seventh off three relievers. It still led 8 - 7 when Eric Gagne made his fifth appearance in six days in the ninth.
He immediately got into trouble, hitting Izturis with a pitch on the right forearm and allowing a single to Skip Schumaker that put runners on the corners with no outs.
Gagne got Rick Ankiel to chase a pitch for strike three, and Pujols hit what appeared to be a tailor-made double-play grounder to third baseman Bill Hall.
But second baseman Rickie Weeks couldn't turn it, allowing Izturis to tie the game at 8 and costing Gagne his second straight save opportunity.
Gagne has blown four saves in 10 tries this season, but manager Ned Yost said Gagne is his guy.
Izturis left the game because he couldn't grip a ball. X-rays were negative.
So, in the bottom of the ninth, the Cardinals sent Aaron Miles to short, Pujols to second from first, catcher Jason LaRue to first and Yadier Molina, the final position player on the bench, came in to catch. St. Louis carries 13 pitchers.
The Brewers were actually in worse shape.
They had 14 pitchers and just three bench players as they wait for the return of center fielder Mike Cameron from a 25-game suspension. They managed to hold back catcher Mike Rivera all the way by using starter Jeff Suppan as a pinch hitter, one of three pitchers for both teams that made pinch-hit at-bats.
Seth McClung (1 - 0) got the win by pitching a perfect 12th with two strikeouts.
Pujols made two plays at second base--a forceout at second off a grounder by J. J. Hardy in the 11th and covering on Gross' steal attempt in the 12th, but the throw was late, setting up Kapler's hit.
Isringhausen said his curveball didn't do what it was supposed to.
And Gross was off to the races. Only afterward did he find out he was moving on, too.