CLEVELAND--The Cleveland Indians have surged to the top of the AL Central. Orlando Cabrera believes they just might stay there.
Why not.
Cabrera hit a three - run double in the first inning to make things easier for Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin and the first-place and fast-starting Indians won their ninth straight at home, 7 - 2 Wednesday night over the slumping Kansas City Royals.
Cabrera's bases-loaded double off Jeff Francis (0 - 3) helped the Indians jump to a 5 - 0 lead. That was all the support Tomlin (4 - 0) would need in sending Kansas City to its fifth straight loss.
Meanwhile, the Indians have the AL's best record as well as their longest winning streak at Progressive Field since 2005. Cleveland hasn't won 10 in a row at home since 1996, and Cabrera said it's vital for the Indians' future that they make the most of being home.
"Hey, we got to take what we can get, and if that's what it takes to win every game here, we will."
Tomlin gave up solo homers to Jeff Francoeur and Mike Aviles in the second, but blanked Kansas City over the next four. The right-hander allowed five hits and has gone at least five innings in each of his first 17 appearances in the majors--a club record.
Kansas City's Alex Gordon was hitless in three at-bats, ending his hitting streak at 19 games. First baseman Shelley Duncan robbed him of a hit in the third with a leaping grab.
The Royals have lost eight of 10 since a 10 - 4 start, and have fallen to.500.
Every player in Cleveland's starting lineup got at least one hit. It doesn't seem to matter who manager Manny Acta pencils in, all the Indians are producing, which is perhaps the biggest reason they've been baseball's biggest surprise in April.
Scoring early has been a key to the Indians' strong start. They scored five times in the first off Francis, who needed 39 pitches to get three outs.
Francis retired Grady Sizemore leading off but then gave up four straight singles, the last an RBI blooper by Travis Hafner. Cabrera followed with his three - run double, which center fielder Jarrod Dyson narrowly missed with a diving try in the gap in left-center.
One out later, Jack Hannahan's single made it 5 - 0 and Francis gave up another single--the Indians' sixth of the inning--before getting Sizemore again, this time on a grounder to second.
The Royals cut it to 5 - 2 in the second on the homers by Francoeur and Aviles. Francoeur's leadoff shot into the left-field bleachers extended his hitting streak to 16 games, tying his career-best.
But Kansas City's hitters didn't threaten again against Tomlin, who doesn't have overpowering stuff but throws strikes and knows how to get outs.
Of his 100 pitches, only 27 were out of the strike zone.
The Indians tacked on an unearned run in the third to make it 6 - 2 and added another in the sixth on a passed ball.
Francis gave up a leadoff double in the fourth, and the 30-year-old, signed by KC as a free agent in January after six seasons with Colorado, was pulled by manager Ned Yost. Francis allowed five runs and 10 hits in three innings and dropped to 0 - 6 in 11 starts since July 30.