PHILADELPHIA--After two bad starts and a rough first inning, Rich Hill settled in nicely and even chipped in with his bat.
Hill pitched into the seventh inning and singled in the go-ahead run, leading the Baltimore Orioles to a 7 - 2 victory over the slumping Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night.
The defending World Series champions have lost four straight and fell to 13 - 20 at home. But the Phillies lead the NL East because they're a major league-best 23 - 9 on the road.
Manager Charlie Manuel seems like he's running out of patience with his struggling team, especially the hitters.
Hill (3 - 1) allowed two runs, five hits and walked four in 6 2/3 innings. The lefty baffled a potent lineup with an array of offspeed pitches mixed in with some fastballs.
Hill allowed seven runs in 4 2/3 innings in his last two outings. He didn't get out of the first inning on June 7 and didn't reach the fifth his last time out.
Rookie catcher Matt Wieters hit a two - run double, matching his RBI total in his first 54 at-bats, Nolan Reimold homered and the Orioles won their third in a row. They rallied to beat the New York Mets and Francisco Rodriguez in the ninth inning Thursday night.
Antonio Bastardo (2 - 2) allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings, the longest outing by a Phillies starter since Jamie Moyer went seven against Los Angeles on June 5.
Bastardo won his first two career starts on the West Coast, but the hard-throwing lefty is winless in two outings at home.
After the Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first, the Orioles answered with three runs in the second. Melvin Mora was hit by a pitch with one out and Reimold doubled to left-center. Reimold almost was thrown out at second by center fielder Shane Victorino, but second baseman Chase Utley couldn't hang onto the ball.
Wieters followed with a double to deep center, scoring both runners. After Robert Andino grounded out, Hill lined an 0 - 2 pitch to center for an RBI single to give Baltimore a 3 - 2 lead. It was his first hit and RBI since 2007 when he played for the Chicago Cubs.
Bastardo retired 10 in a row after Hill's single until Nick Markakis led off the sixth with a single. One out later, Aubrey Huff hit an RBI double off the left-field wall to give the Orioles a 4 - 2 lead.
Reimold connected off Jack Taschner in the ninth, and Markakis doubled in a pair of runs to make it 7 - 2.
Jayson Werth ripped a two - run double to right field put the Phillies ahead 2 - 0. Ryan Howard, who walked, scooted all the way home from first, beating the relay throw with a headfirst slide.
The Phillies are 1 - 6 during their homestand against AL East opponents. They're 7 - 18 in interleague play the last two seasons, including 3 - 13 at home.