PITTSBURGH--Ryan Braun, Jim Edmonds and the Milwaukee Brewers went totally batty.
The Brew Crew piled up 25 hits Thursday and trounced Pittsburgh 20 - 0, handing the Pirates the most lopsided loss in their 124-year history.
Milwaukee matched a club mark for margin of victory and set a record for its biggest shutout win.
Prince Fielder hit his first home run of the season while Edmonds and George Kottaras also connected--they were among 10 Brewers with an RBI. Milwaukee finished with 12 extra-base hits.
Milwaukee led 10 - 0 after five innings and then scored six runs in the seventh and four more in the ninth. The rout came a day after the Brewers beat up Pittsburgh 8 - 0.
Edmonds doubled twice and singled. Rickie Weeks doubled twice, singled and scored four times.
Randy Wolf (2 - 1) pitched six scoreless innings and three relievers finished up. The Brewers won their fourth in a row and gave Pittsburgh its third straight loss.
Daniel McCutchen (0 - 2) was tagged for six runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings. Remarkably, his ERA stayed the same as it was entering the game, 14.73.
The Brewers also won by 20 in 1992 when they beat the Toronto Blue Jays 22 - 2. The Pirates' previous one - sided loss was by 18 runs, done twice.
Milwaukee swept the three - game series and outscored the Pirates 36 - 1. Pittsburgh has lost eight times this season, by at least six runs each time and 85 - 13 overall.
According to STATS LLC, it was the fifth most-lopsided shutout in modern major league history, which began in 1900. The Cleveland Indians beat the New York Yankees 22 - 0 in 2004 and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs by the same score in 1975. The 35-run differential in a three - game series tied for the third largest; the largest was 40 runs (50 - 10) by the Superbas, now the Dodgers, over the Cincinnati Reds in 1901.
Braun hit a three - run homer to end a nine - pitch at-bat in the third inning to push Milwaukee's lead to 4 - 0 and added a two - run double. Fielder took a while to hit a home run--he tied for second in the NL last year with 46.
Wolf allowed six hits and improved his career record against Pittsburgh to 8 - 1. Claudio Vargas, Manny Parra and Trevor Hoffman each pitched one inning.
Fielder started the scoring with his solo home run to center field in the second inning and Braun's drive in the third made it 4 - 0.
Fielder hit a two - run single in the fourth off D. J. Carrasco. An inning later, Kottaras homered and Braun doubled for a 10 - 0 cushion.
Edmonds' homer highlighted a six - run seventh off Joel Hanrahan and closer Octavio Dotel gave up four runs in the ninth.