BOSTON--The big numbers are atop the Green Monster for everyone to see. It was only fitting that David Ortiz's homer sliced toward a milestone that many are coming to see in a lost season for the Boston Red Sox.
Big Papi hit his 495th home run and Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and threw out a runner at the plate to lift the Boston Red Sox to a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Yankees on Monday night.
Ortiz lined a shot into the first row of Green Monster seats off Ivan Nova (5 - 7). It landed about 10 - 15 feet to the right of three new changeable white numbers on signs with red trim that were affixed to the stanchion of a light tower, signifying his countdown to 500.
Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox. It was their ninth win in 13 games.
But it was Ortiz's homer that's getting the attention for the Red Sox, last in the AL East.
Ortiz wasn't around after the game to talk about his chase.
Didi Gregorius had four singles for New York, which had scored 20 runs on Sunday to complete a three - game sweep over Atlanta. He flied out to the warning track with the bases loaded and two outs in the top of the ninth.
The Yankees remained 1 1/2 games behind AL East-leading Toronto, which lost 4 - 2 to Cleveland on Monday. New York stranded 14 runners.
In his at-bat after the homer, Ortiz had the crowd on its feet again when he lined a 3 - 0 fastball halfway up the wall in left for a double.
Eduardo Rodriguez (8 - 5) labored through five innings, allowing two runs--one earned--and seven hits. Jean Machi escaped the bases-loaded jam for his fourth save.
Betts' homer made it 2 - 1.
New York loaded the bases three times in the first five innings against Rodriguez, who escaped with Bradley's help in the fourth and struck out Greg Bird to end the fifth.
Bradley nailed Bird at the plate with a one - hop throw from left field after Gregorius' single.
Ryan Hanigan and third baseman Pablo Sandoval opened the game with consecutive errors--Hanigan's on catcher's interference--before Carlos Beltran's sacrifice fly made it 1 - 0.