ATLANTA--After missing most of the season with a sprained left wrist, Joey Terdoslavich has been a forgotten man in the Braves' new outfield mix.
He found a dramatic way to catch the attention of manager Fredi Gonzalez.
Terdoslavich led off the eighth inning with his first career home run and Atlanta rallied from a five - run deficit against James Shields to beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night.
Pinch-hitting in only his fourth at-bat of the season, Terdoslavich drove a pitch from Joaquin Benoit (4 - 3) over the fence in right-center. Then he put the hit in perspective for teammate Shelby Miller.
The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring five runs in the sixth off Shields. Three reviews of calls at the plate were decided in Atlanta's favor.
Jim Johnson (2 - 3) pitched a scoreless eighth. Jason Grilli got through a shaky ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances.
Will Venable drove in two runs for the Padres with three hits, including his fifth homer.
Grilli, who lost a ninth-inning lead in Monday's 5 - 3 loss in 11 innings, found more trouble. He gave up a one - out double to Yonder Alonso and, with two outs, walked Cory Spangenberg after throwing a wild pitch that allowed Alonso to advance to third. Grilli struck out Clint Barmes to end the game.
Shields allowed seven hits and five runs, four earned, in 5 1/3 innings.
Andrelton Simmons hit a three - run double in Atlanta's improbable five - run sixth. The Braves were helped by two video reviews decided in their favor.
With the bases loaded, Simmons hit a double to left. After two runs scored, Juan Uribe was called out at the plate. The call was overturned following a review.
Jonny Gomes' single brought Simmons to the plate for a collision with catcher Derek Norris on another close play. Simmons was called safe, and this time plate umpire Jerry Meals' call stood following a review of 2 minutes, 41 seconds.
Meals had another call overturned in the eighth on another play at the plate. Meals called Melvin Upton Jr. safe as he tried to score on a grounder to Uribe at third. Meals' call was overturned only 49 seconds later. The review showed he was tagged by Bethancourt before scoring.
Braves rookie Mike Foltynewicz gave up five runs on a career-high 12 hits in 5 2/3 innings. He was knocked out of the game by consecutive run-scoring doubles from Venable and Norris in the sixth.
The start of the game was delayed 50 minutes because of rain in the area.