SAN DIEGO--Matt Kemp's two - run double in the first inning was all James Shields needed for his first victory of the season.
A hard-luck loser his last time out who hasn't received much run support this year, the San Diego Padres' starter pitched well enough for a 2 - 1 victory Monday night against the Colorado Rockies, who got 11 strikeouts from Jon Gray.
Shields (1 - 4) allowed one run while scattering nine hits over six innings. He struck out five and walked two.
The Padres took a quick lead against Gray after their first four batters reached. Jon Jay and Wil Myers singled, and Kemp doubled them in.
That was enough for Shields, hurt by lousy run support this year. He had received just five runs of support in his previous five starts. The right-hander was coming off a tough defeat at San Francisco on Tuesday, when he allowed three hits in a 1 - 0 loss to Johnny Cueto.
Shields gave up a two - out RBI double to Nick Hundley in the fourth, which was preceded by the Padres' third double play of the night.
The Padres got three scoreless innings from the bullpen, which has had some misadventures this year. Ryan Buchter got four outs, Brandon Maurer two and Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save.
"That was a nice inning," Green added. "I've loved Buchter from the first time I saw him. He's pitched himself into that role. `'
The Rockies had other scoring chances against Shields but failed to capitalize. DJ LeMahieu reached third with two outs in the third before rookie Trevor Story grounded out. LeMahieu was thrown out trying to steal third to end the fifth. Gerardo Parra reached third with two outs in the sixth before Ben Paulsen flied out.
Gray (0 - 1) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings. He walked one. His 11 strikeouts came a day after Clayton Kershaw struck out 14 and threw a three - hitter in a 1 - 0 victory against the Padres at Dodger Stadium.
It was the third start for Gray, who opened the season on the disabled list with an abdominal strain.
"But I'm just glad I could cruise through innings and hopefully feed off that."