PITTSBURGH--Winning a career-best five straight starts might not be enough for Kevin Correia to keep his spot in the Pittsburgh Pirates' starting rotation.
Correia gave up two runs and four hits in six innings, helping Pittsburgh beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 and avoid getting swept at home from the first time since Sept. 9 - 11 against the Marlins.
Garrett Jones drove in the go-ahead run with a two - out double in the sixth inning. Walker and Michael McKenry homered for Pittsburgh.
Chicago is off Thursday, and Dempster said he'll spend part of the day thinking about his situation. He has the right to veto any trade as a 10-and-5 player--at least 10 years of major-league service time, including at least five with his current team.
The deadline for trades without waivers is Tuesday.
His ERA, which had been a major league-leading 2.11, rose to 2.25.
Despite his winning streak, Correia (8 - 6) has a 4.82 ERA in his last five starts and is a candidate to be moved to the bullpen following the acquisition of left-hander Wandy Rodriguez from Houston on Tuesday. Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said before the game that he might also consider going to a six - man rotation, at least temporarily.
Relievers Jared Hughes, Jason Grilli and Joel Hanrahan followed Correia with one scoreless inning each. Hanrahan recorded his 29th save in 32 chances.
Pittsburgh entered the day leading the NL wild-card standings, and was 2½ games behind Cincinnati in the NL Central.
The Pirates pulled ahead 3 - 2 in the sixth inning when Jones lined a double that scored Alex Presley, who singled with one out and took third on Andrew McCutchen's single.
Dempster threw a water cooler in the Cubs' dugout after being lifted for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh. He said his brief outburst was not partially a byproduct of the trade talk but came out of frustration over leaving the game.
Both teams hit solo home runs in the first. Anthony Rizzo connected for his fifth with two outs for Chicago and Walker countered with his ninth in the bottom half.
The Cubs went back ahead in the fourth as Rizzo singled in David DeJesus, who had doubled, with two outs. The umpires upheld their ruling on DeJesus' double after a video review showed a fan had touched the ball before it went over the center-field fence.
Pittsburgh tied the score when McKenry hit a two - out solo homer off the left-field foul pole in the sixth. Dempster retired 13 batters in a row between the home runs by Walker and McKenry.