SAN FRANCISCO--Mac Williamson had to dust himself off after crashing into a low padded wall near the stands in left field while chasing a foul ball.
More frustrated than hurt, Williamson took it out on Nationals pitcher Tanner Roark a few moments later after undergoing a series of concussion tests in the dugout.
Williamson homered for the second straight night and third in five games, hitting a tiebreaking shot in the sixth inning to lead San Francisco to a 4 - 3 victory over Washington on Tuesday night.
Brandon Belt hit his fifth home run in six games, Joe Panik added three hits and scored twice, and the Giants won their third straight and fourth in the last five.
One night after hitting a 464-foot homer in the series opener, Williamson hit a first-pitch solo shot to center off Roark with two outs in the sixth inning that bounced off the top of the wall and broke a 3-all tie. It wasn't as far as Monday's clout--this one went 423 feet--but was just as pivotal for the Giants.
Williamson's deciding home run came one inning after he stumbled over the bullpen mound in foul territory and crashed into a low wall near the stands while trying to chase down Bryce Harper's foul ball. Williamson stayed down briefly as team trainers rushed out before getting to his feet.
Belt hit a two - run shot off Roark (1 - 2) in the third.
Michael Taylor had a three - run homer for Washington, which has lost four straight and 14 of 20 since opening the season 4 - 0.
Reyes Moronta (1 - 0) retired six batters for his first career win. Sam Dyson pitched one inning and Hunter Strickland worked the ninth for his fifth save.
The Giants got a run off Roark in the first but left the bases loaded when Evan Longoria struck out looking to end the inning. Belt homered on a 3 - 2 pitch from Roark in the second to make it 3 - 0.
Washington tied it on Taylor's three - run homer off starter Ty Blach in the third. Ryan Zimmerman walked and Moises Sierra singled before Taylor's deep drive into the right-field stands.
Roark went into the game 6 - 0 in seven career games against San Francisco but couldn't find a rhythm this time. He allowed four runs on six hits, walked two and hit a batter and threw a pair of wild pitches.