NEW YORK--On a night filled with touching tributes, Nick Swisher found the most fitting way to honor George Steinbrenner.
Swisher hit a game-winning single with two outs in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees ended a Friday evening full of tears and cheers by beating the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4.
Manager Joe Girardi cried during a 15-minute pregame remembrance. Captain Derek Jeter worked hard to keep his composure while speaking to the crowd. Closer Mariano Rivera placed two long-stemmed roses across home plate in memory of the team's demanding owner and beloved public address announcer Bob Sheppard.
Swisher hit a tying home run in the eighth, then lined a single that sent Curtis Granderson sliding home for the victory in a matchup of the teams with the best records in baseball. The Yankees streamed from the dugout to celebrate, and Swisher wound up way out in right field, surrounded by jumping teammates.
The joyful ending was in sharp contrast to earlier events that saluted Steinbrenner, who died Tuesday, two days after the passing of Sheppard.
There was a 2-minute moment of absolute silence. Not a single fan shouted out, and the only sounds were the flags flapping at half-staff and a passing subway.
It was muted inside, by design. To honor Sheppard, who was 99 and announced players in dulcet tones for more than a half-century, there were no PA introductions. Even the Bleacher Creatures in right-center field held off on their daily roll call.
A season after the Yankees christened their new stadium by celebrating a World Series title, the ballpark was quiet.
So it was, too, in the days of old Yankee Stadium. Famed for hosting championship parties, the park also was the site for many of baseball's most solemn occasions--Lou Gehrig's "luckiest man" speech, a dying Babe Ruth propped on a bat and bidding farewell, an empty catcher's box for Thurman Munson.
Hours before gametime, crowds snapped pictures of Steinbrenner's statue in the main lobby and gathered around a makeshift memorial outside another gate.
The Yankees wore patches for Steinbrenner and Sheppard. One included "The Boss" and the other featured a microphone.
Between innings, the video board showed clips of Steinbrenner, including his skits on "Saturday Night Live" and commercials with Billy Martin.
Rivera (3 - 1) picked off B. J. Upton at first base in the ninth. Granderson opened the bottom half with a single against Randy Choate (2 - 3).
Swisher, however, lined a single and Granderson beat right fielder Gabe Kapler's throw.
CC Sabathia and James Shields began the day going in different directions, and both wound up with no-decisions. Sabathia had won eight straight outings, Shields had lost eight of nine starts.
Robinson Cano and Jorge Posada hit consecutive home runs off Shields in the sixth to tie it at 3.
Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh against Sabathia on an RBI groundout by Ben Zobrist.
Swisher homered off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth. Swisher also had an RBI single in the third.