MILWAUKEE--Joel Pineiro trusts his sinking fastball again, and that's making all the difference this season.
A year after injuries left him shaken with an ugly ERA, the veteran right-hander scattered three hits in his third complete game this year and the St. Louis Cardinals rallied to a 5 - 1 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Thursday.
Pineiro (7 - 9) benefited from three double plays and faced just one batter over the minimum. He struck out five without a walk on 100 pitches.
Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer to cap a five - run eighth inning after Albert Pujols doubled in the go-ahead run and St. Louis won two of three against Milwaukee to increase its lead in the NL Central to two heading into a four - game, three - day series against the Chicago Cubs starting Friday.
The whole 10-game trip has been loads of fun so far. St. Louis also took two of three at Cincinnati.
A day after blowing a 4 - 1 lead, the Cardinals rallied once Brewers starter Manny Parra departed.
Parra, in his first start since being demoted June 13, was sharp, allowing three hits and a walk and departing after seven innings with a 1 - 0 lead before the Brewers bullpen faltered.
The left-hander struck out seven and worked around five baserunners.
Macha said Parra's effort makes the Brewers hopeful for the stretch run.
But Parra's effort was squandered when the first six Cardinals hitters in the eighth reached.
Reliever Carlos Villanueva allowed a single to pinch-hitter Skip Schumaker and a triple to Brendan Ryan that tied the game. Villanueva (2 - 5) left for Mitch Stetter, who walked pinch-hitter Jason LaRue.
Stetter was yanked for Todd Coffey and Pujols doubled in the go-ahead run. Ludwick followed with his 13th homer this season to the Brewers bullpen in left-center field. Pinch-hitter Rick Ankiel singled next, but was caught stealing.
Pineiro had been 1 - 4 in his last six starts despite not allowing more than three runs in any of them. Heading into the eighth, it looked like it would be more of the same even as his ERA fell from 3.39 to 3.20.
Pujols, who had been 1 - of - 10 in this series and 5 - of - 27 this year against the Brewers until the eighth, came through in the clutch and Ludwick's shot gave Pineiro plenty of cushion to finish it.