CHICAGO--Soft-spoken rookie Carlos Rodon is quietly on an impressive roll for the White Sox.
Rodon allowed one run through seven innings and Rob Brantly smacked a three - run homer for his first American League hit to lead Chicago past the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night.
Jose Abreu went 3 for 4--including his 26th homer and a double--to drive in two runs and help the White Sox win for the fifth time in six games. Trayce Thompson also had two RBI.
Rodon (7 - 6) scattered five hits, struck out eight and walked one in his sixth straight quality start. He is 3 - 2 in that span while yielding eight earned runs in his last 41 innings.
Rodon, a former North Carolina State star drafted third overall in June 2014, is learning he doesn't have to be too fine with major league batters.
The lefty has put together the recent streak after his ERA peaked at 5.00 on Aug. 5, when he gave up four runs in 4 2/3 innings to Tampa Bay.
Rodon also has nasty stuff, said Brantly, who made his second start with the White Sox at catcher.
Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off White Sox reliever Nate Jones in the eighth and pinch-hitter Jose Ramirez added a solo shot against Zach Duke in the ninth. Mike Aviles had three hits and drove in the Indians' other run.
Brantly lined the first pitch he saw in the second inning from Cleveland starter Carlos Carrasco (12 - 10) into the right-field bullpen to put Chicago ahead 3 - 0.
Brantly was claimed off waivers from Miami last December and recalled from Triple-A Charlotte on Sept. 1.
Carrasco lasted just 2 2/3 innings, allowing four runs on four hits and three walks in his first start since Aug. 21. He was on the disabled list with right shoulder inflammation.
Manager Terry Francona wasn't happy with the outcome, but isn't concerned about Carrasco's health.
"I thought rather than allow him to work real hard to get through it, let's let him get his feet wet like he did tonight and he'll be fine to go his next outing."
The game started after a 64-minute delay due to anticipated storms that never amounted to more than light rain. Heavier thunderstorms had moved through the area earlier.
Rodon escaped a bases-loaded jam in the second. He settled in after he was staked to a four - run lead on Brantly's homer in the second and Abreu's solo shot in the third.