CLEVELAND--Francisco Lindor skipped down the third-base line, crossed home plate and suddenly couldn't breathe.
He wasn't alone.
Lindor connected for a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning as the Cleveland Indians again moved 10 games ahead of Minnesota in the AL Central with a 5 - 2 win over the Twins on Wednesday night.
Lindor, who struck out with the winning run at second base in the ninth to end a 3 - 2 loss on Tuesday, drove the first pitch from Trevor Hildenberger (2 - 3) over the wall in right to trigger a wild celebration.
As the Progressive Field crowd roared as if it was October, the All-Star shortstop pointed and waved to the fans before being swarmed by his teammates, including pitcher Carlos Carrasco who emptied most of a bottle of white baby power on him.
Down 2 - 1, Minnesota tied it in the ninth on Miguel Sano's leadoff homer against Cody Allen (4 - 4), who cost Mike Clevinger a victory and wound up with a blown save and win.
Lindor saved him.
Jason Kipnis singled with one out in the ninth before Twins right fielder Max Kepler raced back and robbed Yan Gomes of extra bases with a leaping catch before crashing into the padded wall.
Brandon Guyer followed with a single to bring up the electrifying Lindor, who has a knack for coming up big in clutch moments.
"You know it's gonna happen. Like you look over on deck and you're like ` Does he bat every time it's a tie game?' And then every time it seems like he's coming through too, so it's huge."
Lindor's homer was his 29th and gave him an MLB-leading 67 extra-base hits and 99 runs.
Allen, the Indians' dependable closer--and career saves leader--not only let the lead go, he cost Clevinger his first win since July 1. The right-hander limited the Twins to one run and five hits over seven strong innings, retiring the final 11 batters he faced before turning things over to Cleveland's bullpen, which has been much better after some earlier struggles.
However, Allen's 2 - 1 knuckle curve didn't fool Sano, as Minnesota's cleanup hitter pounded his eighth homer over the wall. It was the ninth homer allowed by Allen in 47 1/3 innings--a concerning statistic for the Indians as the push toward the playoffs.
Minnesota committed three errors in the first six innings.