ARLINGTON, Texas--C. J. Wilson is starting to feel like himself again. So are the top two hitters in the Texas Rangers' lineup.
Wilson struck out nine in seven strong innings while Ian Kinsler and Elvis Andrus both snapped out of extended slumps as the Rangers returned home with a 7 - 1 victory over the AL West rival Los Angeles Angels on Monday night.
"They're pretty good players. We love them when they're doing well. We have to stick with them when things aren't going right," he added. "It's only April. In two or three days, those numbers you see can change pretty drastically."
Kinsler, who entered hitting.170, snapped an 0 - for - 18 slide with a pair of extra-base hits before scoring on a suicide squeeze by Andrus, who was hitting. 176 and in a 4 - for - 39 slide before his three hits.
Adrian Beltre homered for the second straight night and Mitch Moreland drove in three runs for the Rangers, who were back from a nine - game road trip after losing four of five. They have started a season with seven consecutive home victories for the first time.
The Angels had won five in a row with some solid pitching performances to enter the three - game series tied with Texas atop the division at 10 - 5. Then Ervin Santana (0 - 2) ran into a little bit of trouble.
Moreland's two - out, two - run single in the fourth put the Rangers ahead to stay. Texas added four runs in the fifth, including Beltre's three - run homer to straightaway center.
Kinsler started the fifth with a triple into the left-field corner that ricocheted past Vernon Wells. Andrus then bunted with Kinsler charging home and was credited with a single when Santana threw late and high to first base.
Michael Young followed with a single before Beltre's fifth home run of the season chased Santana.
Angels pitchers allowed only 10 runs during the five - game winning streak, a span when the starters had a 1.98 ERA.
Santana struck out three and walked two while giving up 10 hits in four - plus innings. He is 11 - 8 in 22 career starts against the Rangers, his most against any team.
Wilson (2 - 0) was already over 100 pitches when he gave up three consecutive two - out singles in the seventh, the last to Howie Kendrick for the Angels' only run. The crafty left-hander got a rousing ovation from the crowd when walking to the dugout after he got Bobby Abreu on an inning-ending flyball.
Wilson scattered nine hits. His only walk was to Abreu in the first before Torii Hunter grounded into a double play.