HOUSTON--Carlos Correa has developed a knack this season for coming up with big hits with two outs.
He did it again on Wednesday when he had two doubles and two RBI to help the Houston Astros to a 4 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves that gave them the best 34-game start in franchise history.
The Astros had two outs and two on in the fifth when Correa's double off Jaime Garcia (1 - 2) landed in the left-field corner to score two runners for a 3 - 2 lead.
Garcia walked Evan Gattis, and Yuli Gurriel's single scored Correa.
Eight of Correa's 17 RBI this season have come with two outs. After hitting just.233 with two homers and eight RBI in April he's heated up this month to bat.344 with two homers and seven RBI in just nine games.
Houston (23 - 11) swept the two - game interleague matchup in its first series victory over the Braves since winning two of three from May 1 - 3, 1999.
Joe Musgrove (2 - 3) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings, and Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances.
Garcia tied a season-high with four runs in six innings, giving up six hits.
Freddie Freeman and Adonis Garcia hit solo homers to give Atlanta a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth, but the Braves couldn't string many together hits after that and tied a season high with their sixth straight loss.
Dansby Swanson and Emilio Bonifacio hit back-to-back singles in the eighth, but Will Harris struck out three of the next four batters to escape the jam.
Musgrove, who had given up four runs in the first inning in two of his previous three starts, kept the Braves off the board until Freeman opened the fourth inning by hitting his 12th home run. Freeman is the fifth player in franchise history to hit 12 homers in the first 31 games and the first since Justin Upton did it in 2013.
Matt Kemp followed with a single to extend his hitting streak to 11 games, but he was erased when Nick Markakis grounded into a double play.
Jake Marisnick singled with two outs in the third inning and stole second base. The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead when he scored on a double by George Springer.