BOSTON--Chris Tillman knew he wouldn't have much room for error against one of the American League's best lineups.
He not only didn't make many mistakes, but turned in perhaps his best in what was already an impressive string of starts.
Despite taking loss, Boston Red Sox starter David Price had an impressive outing on Tuesday, striking out 11 without a walk.
Manny Machado hit a two - run home run, Tillman struck out seven in seven innings and the Baltimore Orioles snapped a three - game losing streak with a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night.
Tillman (9 - 1) is 8 - 0 in his last 10 starts, the longest streak by an Orioles pitcher since Erik Bedard won nine straight decisions in 2007.
Despite the Orioles' recent pitching struggles, he said he's not trying to do anything special on the mound.
Jonathan Schoop added a solo homer in the eighth inning for the Orioles.
The teams entered the three - game series tied atop the American League East. Baltimore has won five of the eight meetings with Boston this season.
Tillman kept the Red Sox off balance with an assortment of fastballs, sliders and curves. His lone mistake was a home run in the seventh to Jackie Bradley, Jr.
Baltimore's bullpen gave one run back in the eighth, but Zach Britton was able close things out to earn his 20th save in 20 tries.
David Price (7 - 4) took the loss, despite finishing with 11 strikeouts in eight innings and retiring 19 straight at one point. It was the third time this season Price has allowed two home runs.
Baltimore jumped on Price in its first at-bat. After Joey Rickard got aboard with a single, Machado drove a first-pitch fastball over the fence in right field to put the Orioles up 2 - 0.
Price settled after that, retiring the 19 straight until Mark Trumbo broke the Orioles' drought with a single in the seventh.
As good as Price was early Tillman was even better, holding the Red Sox to three hits through six innings.
Boston's hitters did manage to force some long pitch counts, though. Tillman's previous high for pitches this season was 110. He threw 120 pitches Tuesday. His 111th pitch of the night--a slider just over the plate--was exposed just enough for Bradley to drive it over the center field fence to pull Boston within a run.