DENVER--Even when the San Francisco Giants pick up a rare win at Coors Field, they still lose.
In this case, two pitchers--starter Matt Cain and reliever Santiago Casilla, who both strained their right hamstrings and will undergo MRIs to determine the severity.
Hunter Pence hit one of San Francisco's three solo homers and reliever Yusmeiro Petit threw three sharp innings after Cain left as the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Wednesday night.
Pablo Sandoval and Brandon Crawford also connected for the NL West-leading Giants, who won at this hitter friendly venue for just the fifth time in 15 games dating back to last season.
Cain had good command and was cruising along, not allowing a hit through three innings. Then, on his last pitch of the third, he felt a twinge in his hamstring.
Casilla was hurt in the ninth inning when he tried to beat out an infield hit, falling over the bag and rolling several times on the field. He was helped to the dugout by the trainers and was replaced on the mound by Jeremy Affeldt, who finished the game.
To think, just moments before in the dugout, Giants manager Bruce Bochy told Casilla to not even bother swinging--just take it easy at the plate.
Petit (3 - 1) pitched effectively in Cain's place as he and four other relievers limited the best offensive team in the majors to just five hits.
Jhoulys Chacin (0 - 3) worked 5 2/3 innings and allowed three runs, including a homer to Pence in the fourth and another to Sandoval two innings later.
Crawford added a solo shot off Matt Belisle in the seventh as the Giants took the middle contest to even the three - game series. The Rockies have yet to lose a series at home this year.
Trailing 5 - 0 in the eighth, the Rockies loaded the bases with no outs. Michael Cuddyer sent a grounder up the middle that Crawford tracked down and scooped over to second base with his glove to start a double play.
Troy Tulowitzki then flew out limit the damage to only a run.
Cain was settling into a rhythm when Rockies second baseman D. J. LeMahieu sent a sharp comebacker at the right-hander in the third. While the ball glanced off Cain's glove, the Giants came out to check on him. Cain said after the game that had nothing to do with his hamstring injury.
Earlier this season, Cain missed 13 games after he cut his right index finger while making a ham-and-cheese sandwich in the Giants clubhouse. The cut didn't require stitches.
Optimistic this injury will heal fast?
Carlos Gonzalez also was banged up as he left the game as part of a double-switch in the eighth because of inflammation in his left index finger. He said he had an X-ray during the game and it's not broken.
Tulowitzki's torrid hitting at home this season (.521 with eight homers) caught the attention of Giants broadcaster and former major league pitcher Mike Krukow.
Still, Rockies manager Walt Weiss had some fun with the assertion his shortstop is somehow stealing signs.