BALTIMORE--Alex Rodriguez's big blast gave the New York Yankees a bigger lift.
Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning, his second of the game, and the New York Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night to move back into first place in the AL East.
Trailing 3 - 1, Jorge Posada led off the ninth with a single off Koji Uehara (1 - 2), prevailing in an 11-pitch at-bat, and went to second on Curtis Granderson's one - out single. Mark Teixeira popped out and the Yankees were down to their last strike before Rodriguez hit a 2 - 2 fastball into the stands in left-center.
Uehara thought he had Rodriguez struck out on a 1 - 2 inside fastball on the pitch before the home run.
For the eighth time in 10 games, the Yankees were in a one - run ballgame. Yankees manager Joe Girardi hopes the positive result can ignite some momentum.
The Yankees posted their 46th come-from-behind victory of the season and improved to 2 - 5 on their nine - game road trip. They moved back into first place in the division, one - half game ahead of Tampa Bay, which lost 4 - 3 to Los Angeles on Friday.
David Robertson (4 - 4) worked a scoreless eighth.
Adam Jones and Robert Andino homered for Baltimore.
Mariano Rivera got the final three outs for his 31st save.
Sporting a black eye, Yankees starter A. J. Burnett yielded three runs and six hits over seven innings. He walked one and struck out five.
Burnett, however, wouldn't address the crescent-shaped, purple bruise beneath his right eye--other than to say it wasn't baseball-related.
Baltimore wasted a nice start by Kevin Millwood, who allowed a run and five hits over seven innings, walking four and striking out six. He wiggled out of a bases-loaded, one - out jam after Rodriguez's solo homer in the second.
Rodriguez led off the second inning with his 24th homer, connecting to left-center on an 0 - 1 pitch.
The Orioles tied the game in the third when Cesar Izturis was hit by a pitch, stole second, moved to third on Brian Roberts' groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Nick Markakis.
Jones hit a one - out solo shot to center to make it 2 - 1 in the fourth. It was his 19th homer, matching a career high.
In the seventh, Andino hit a line-drive homer to left, his first of the season.