CINCINNATI (AP)--The situation called for a bunt to set up one run. After seeing all the late-inning craziness of the last two days, Pittsburgh Pirates manager John Russell knew he needed more.
The Pirates blew two more late leads Tuesday night, but Jack Wilson--swinging instead of bunting--saved them with a triple in the 11th inning that set up a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds.
The Pirates came into the series with a bullpen known for protecting late leads, a sterling 29 - 0 when they were ahead after seven innings. In Cincinnati, they have struggled mightily to hold on.
That entered into Russell's thinking when Xavier Nady opened the 11th with a single off David Weathers (2 - 4). Instead of having Wilson bunt the runner into scoring position, Russell let him swing away.
Wilson, batting ninth in the order the last two days in another one of Russell's experiments, hit the ball toward right field. Ken Griffey Jr. dived and failed to come up with it, letting Wilson make it all the way to third base. Wilson scored on Nate McLouth's single for a 6 - 4 lead.
Russell has batted his starting pitcher eighth and his shortstop last for the last two games. Wilson, who went 3 - for - 5, was surprised that he got to swing away in the 11th.
That one swing and that one futile dive made the difference in a 3-hour, 57-minute game.
Struggling closer Matt Capps (2 - 3) got the victory despite blowing a one - run lead in the 10th, when the Reds tied it on Brandon Phillips' single. Capps has blown save chances in the first two games of the series. He gave up Griffey's two - run, game-ending homer in the opener.
Since converting his first 15 save chances, Capps has blown five of his last seven opportunities.
Romulo Sanchez gave up Jerry Hairston Jr.'s run-scoring single in the 11th before retiring Corey Patterson on a fly ball with two runners aboard to end the game and get his first career save.
With that, the Pirates nudged ahead of Cincinnati, dropping the Reds back into last place in the NL Central.
Pirates starter Zach Duke gave up one run in five - plus innings, leaving him in position to get his first road win since May 27 last year in Cincinnati. With the bullpen's meltdown, the left-hander now has failed to win his last 12 starts on the road.
Phillips tied it at 3 with a two - run homer in the eighth off Damaso Marte. Griffey started that rally with a double, and Phillips reached for a pitch below the knees and sent it into the left-field stands, his first homer in 59 at-bats.
The Pirates went up 4 - 3 on Jason Michaels' RBI double in the 10th off Jared Burton. Capps couldn't hold the lead, but Wilson's triple helped the Pirates improve to 9 - 3 in extra innings.
Reds starter Edinson Volquez was coming off his worst showing, a 7 - 1 loss to Toronto on Thursday, and failed to make it through the sixth inning against the Pirates. Jose Bautista and Adam LaRoche had run-scoring doubles off Volquez, who gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings. His ERA, which led the NL coming into the game, rose from 2.08 to 2.24.
In the end, the Reds lamented their wasted chances. They had a runner thrown out at home, and got only one run out of a bases loaded chance in the sixth.