SEATTLE--Mariners second baseman Robinson Cano put a charge into Safeco Field in the eighth inning, and then reliever Edwin Diaz got to shut it all down for the first time.
Cano hit a three - run homer to cap a five - run eighth, new closer Diaz got his first major league save and the Mariners overcame a four - run deficit to beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night.
Cano capped the comeback with his 24th homer, off newly acquired Red Sox reliever Fernando Abad (1 - 5). It spoiled what had been a dominant performance by Boston left-hander David Price.
"The fans ride the roller coaster with us. At times, we are tough to watch. I get it," he added. "But you have to keep watching because our guys don't quit and they believe something good is going to happen and tonight it did."
On a night when AL East contenders Baltimore and Toronto both won, Boston lost ground as David Price couldn't hold a four - run lead in the eighth.
Hanley Ramirez slipped down stairs that lead from the dugout to the visitors clubhouse at Safeco Field and jammed his left wrist as he broke his fall. He was sent for "precautionary" X-rays.
Just two months removed from Double-A, Edwin Diaz has been named the Mariners' closer, replacing struggling Steve Cishek, manager Scott Servais announced Tuesday.
The Mariners had three hits off Price through seven innings and trailed 4 - 0. Then Mike Zunino opened the eighth with a home run to left off Price, and Leonys Martin, Sardinas and Guillermo Heredia followed with consecutive singles to chase the lefty.
Matt Barnes struck out pinch-hitter Seth Smith. Abad came in and tried to get a curveball past Cano, who hit it 394 feet for a one - run lead.
Diaz replaced struggling Steve Cishek as closer after Cishek blew a three - run lead in a loss Sunday night to the Cubs and allowed a go-ahead homer in the ninth during a 2 - 1 defeat to Boston on Monday night. Diaz is a 22-year-old rookie only two months out of Double-A but has a 1.73 ERA in 25 appearances for Seattle. He struck out three in a scoreless ninth Tuesday.
Diaz gave up a one - out walk to Travis Shaw, but Cano came up with the assist.
Donn Roach (2 - 0) pitched two innings for the win.
Top Red Sox prospect Andrew Benintendi entered as a pinch-hitter for his major league debut and went 0 for 2, striking out to end the game. Benintendi is expected to start in left field on Wednesday night.
David Ortiz doubled and had two RBI. The 40-year-old has the most doubles (36) in a season ever for a player 40 or older, eclipsing Sam Rice, who had 35 in 1930.
He also has 62 extra-base hits, tying Dave Winfield (1992) for most in a season for a 40-or-older player.
Hanley Ramirez crushed a 454-foot home run off Wade LeBlanc in the third. Aaron Hill had an RBI single in the same inning, scoring Jackie Bradley Jr. from second.