CHICAGO--Adam Wainwright on Opening Night at Wrigley Field was a perfect combination for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Wainwright threw six innings of five - hit ball, and St. Louis chased Jon Lester in the fifth inning of a 3 - 0 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday in the major league opener.
Adam Wainwright shut down the Cubs, again showing that when he's on, he's as good as it gets.
Joe Maddon's hiring and Jon Lester's signing helped bring hope to a rebuilding franchise. But hope doesn't drive in runners from third, as the Cubs learned against the Cardinals on Opening Day.
Jason Heyward, typically poor against left-handed pitching, had no trouble collecting three hits against Jon Lester on Opening Day.
Wainwright allowed the leadoff hitter to reach in four of the first five innings, including three doubles. But he worked out of trouble each time, finishing with six strikeouts and no walks.
The ace right-hander improved to 9 - 1 with a 3.33 ERA in 20 career games at Chicago's longtime home. He also lowered his ERA to 1.85 for four career starts on Opening Day.
Jason Heyward had three hits in his St. Louis debut, and Matt Holliday drove in two runs. Throw in Matt Carpenter's two hits, and the top third of the Cardinals' lineup went 7 for 14 with three RBIs.
Playing their most anticipated opener in years, the Cubs went 0 for 13 with runners in scoring position. Lester, who got a $155 million, six - year contract during free agency, allowed three runs and eight hits over 4 1/3 innings in his fifth straight Opening Day start.
The addition of Lester to go along with Joe Maddon in the dugout increased the expectations for Chicago after five straight losing seasons. But it was more of the same in their first game.
The biggest difference for the home team was a giant videoboard in left field, part of a major renovation for the iconic neighborhood ballpark. The closed bleachers were covered by pictures of Hall of Fame slugger Ernie Banks, who played for Chicago for 19 seasons and died in January at age 83.
The Cubs honored Banks with a pregame moment of silence, and his sons Jerry and Joey Banks each threw out a ceremonial first pitch. The club also extended its condolences to the Cardinals for Oscar Taveras, an outfield prospect who died in a car crash in his native Dominican Republic last October.
Heyward got the majors' first hit of the season when he doubled and scored on Holliday's single in the first. Holliday had another RBI single in the fifth.
It was more than enough for Wainwright, who was slowed by an abdominal injury early in spring training. Carlos Martinez, who won the fifth starter job in training camp, followed with a scoreless seventh and Jordan Walden got three outs before Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side for the save.