PHILADELPHIA--The New York Mets celebrated a victory on a night when fans in the ballpark were celebrating historic news.
Ronny Paulino had a career-high five hits in his first start for the Mets, including a go-ahead double in the 14th inning, and New York beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 Sunday night after news of Osama bin Laden's death had fans at Citizens Bank Park chanting "U-S-A! U-S-A!"
Taylor Buchholz (1 - 0), one of six Mets pitchers used, pitched two scoreless innings in relief to help New York snap a three - game losing streak and salvage a game in the series.
Kyle Kendrick (1 - 2), one of six Philadelphia pitchers used in the 4-hour, 44-minute game, pitched three innings and allowed four hits.
The "U-S-A!" chants started in the top of the ninth inning of the game and picked up in intensity throughout the inning. People could be spotted all over the ballpark checking their phones as news was breaking that the United States had killed the mastermind behind the Sept. 11 attacks.
Young pitched seven scoreless innings, but was long gone by the time David Wright led off the 14th with a single to left and went to second on Jason Bay's one - out single to center. After Ike Davis flew out to the warning track in center, Paulino laced a double to left to score Wright and put New York up 2 - 1.
Paulino finished 5 for 7 in his second game of the season for New York. He was placed on the DL on April 10 with anemia after missing the first eight games while serving the remainder of a 50-game suspension for testing positive for a performance-enhancing substance.
It was the first loss in a series finale this season for Philadelphia, which had been 8 - 0 in such games. The Phillies also managed just seven hits.
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel added: "There were opportunities for us to win the game, but we just couldn't get a hit."
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth inning on Carlos Beltran's double that scored Wright, who had three singles.
The Mets got an outstanding start by Young, who cruised through six innings and wiggled out of a jam in the seventh. He left after seven innings, giving up just two hits while striking out seven and walking three.
The Phillies loaded the bases without a hit in the seventh thanks to a pair of walks and a hit batter. But Brian Schneider struck out on a check swing to end the threat. Manuel was ejected for arguing by third-base umpire Lance Barksdale, who made the strike call on Schneider.
It was Manuel's first ejection of the season.
The Phillies tied the game in the eighth when Howard lined a two - out single to left against left-handed reliever Tim Byrdak to score John Mayberry.
Byrdak was replaced by Francisco Rodriguez, who walked Ben Francisco to load the bases before getting Raul Ibanez to ground out to second to end the inning.
For Ibanez, it completed an 0 - for - 4 night that stretched his slump to 0 for 34.
Philadelphia managed just two hits off Young, a third-inning double by Schneider and a fourth-inning single by Placido Polanco.
Dating back to last season, Young is 3 - 0 with a 1.43 ERA in his last eight starts and he has not allowed more than one earned run in seven of the starts.
Philadelphia starter Cliff Lee gave up at least one hit in every frame and was lifted after seven innings, giving up a run on eight hits with five strikeouts and two walks.
Polanco's fourth-inning single extended his hitting streak to 11 games. He is batting.429 (18 for 42) during the streak.