LOS ANGELES--It took the Dodgers five games to hit a home run in the NL Championship Series. Once Adrian Gonzalez powered up for the first one, their dormant offense broke loose.
Gonzalez homered twice and Zack Greinke came through with the clutch performance Los Angeles needed in a 6 - 4 victory against the Cardinals on Wednesday that trimmed St. Louis' lead to 3 - 2 in the best-of-seven playoff.
The series shifts back to St. Louis for Game 6 on Friday night, with ace Clayton Kershaw scheduled to start for Los Angeles against rookie Michael Wacha.
When those two squared off in Game 2, the Cardinals won 1 - 0 on an unearned run.
The Cardinals also led last year's NLCS 3 - 1 before losing three straight games to the eventual World Series champion San Francisco Giants.
Desperate to avoid elimination, the Dodgers brought in some Hollywood star power for pregame introductions. Will Ferrell announced their lineup and lent a comic spin to each player's name, capping it by introducing Greinke as "today's winning pitcher."
Ferrell knew what he was talking about.
Greinke got into a bases-loaded jam with none out in the first inning but escaped with no damage. From there, he pitched seven strong innings and even delivered an RBI single.
A. J. Ellis also homered at Dodger Stadium, where it is tougher to clear the fences in the heavy night air.
Helped by playing in 82-degree heat on a sunny afternoon, the Dodgers rediscovered their power stroke just in time to extend the series. They held on in the ninth inning, when St. Louis scored twice off closer Kenley Jansen before he struck out pinch-hitter Adron Chambers with two on to end it.
The Dodgers rallied in this one after Greinke gave up an early 2 - 0 lead just as he did in Game 1, which Los Angeles lost 3 - 2 in 13 innings on the road.
After neither team homered in the first three games for the first time in NLCS history, the big bats came out. The Cardinals used a two - run homer by Matt Holliday and a solo shot from pinch-hitter Shane Robinson to win 4 - 2 on Tuesday night.
This time, Gonzalez went 3 - for - 4 with two solo homers and three runs scored. His two - out shot in the eighth made it 6 - 2.
The Cardinals tied it at 2 in the third on Carlos Beltran's RBI triple and Holliday's run-scoring double before Yadier Molina grounded into his second inning-ending double play against Greinke.
Los Angeles answered in the bottom of the third. Mark Ellis singled leading off but was erased when Hanley Ramirez grounded into a double play.
Gonzalez followed with the Dodgers' first homer of the NLCS, slugging the ball an estimated 428 feet into the right-field pavilion for a 3 - 2 lead.
Crawford egged Gonzalez on, telling him he has to keep the ears going.
Gonzalez replied: "Hey, if Carl wants them. It's for him, not for anybody else."
After wriggling out of big trouble in the first when Molina bounced into a double play, Greinke allowed two runs and six hits. He struck out four and walked one.
Jansen gave up RBI singles to Matt Adams and Pete Kozma in the ninth.
Ellis homered in the seventh, sending an 0 - 2 pitch from Edward Mujica into the left-field pavilion to make it 5 - 2.
Crawford homered with one out in the fifth, extending the Dodgers' lead to 4 - 2. He walloped a 3 - 2 pitch from starter Joe Kelly an estimated 447 feet into the right-field pavilion.
Kelly gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings, struck out three and walked none.
Beltran's triple went over the head of Andre Ethier and to the wall in center, scoring Matt Carpenter, who singled. Holliday followed with a double to deep center, but that was it for St. Louis until the ninth.