KANSAS CITY, Mo.--With one swing, Alex Gordon turned a miserable night at the plate into a glorious ending.
Gordon stranded six runners in his first three at-bats, including striking out with the bases loaded in the third and grounding into an inning-ending double play in the fifth with runners on the corners.
Gordon, however, made amends by hitting a three - run homer with two outs in bottom of the ninth as the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night to snap a five - game losing streak.
Orioles closer Alfredo Simon (2 - 2) retired the first two batters in the ninth before walking Rick Ankiel and giving up a single to Wilson Betemit. Gordon's second home run of the season landed in the Royals bullpen.
It was the Royals' first walk-off home run since David DeJesus on July 12, 2008, against Seattle. Gordon said his previous walk-off home run was in 2006 with Double-A Wichita.
Blake Wood (1 - 2), who worked the ninth, picked up his first major league victory.
Ty Wigginton went 3 - for - 4 with two RBI doubles for the Orioles, who scored two runs in the top of the eighth to take a 5 - 4 lead. Nick Markakis led off the Baltimore ninth with a single and scored from first on Wigginton's double to right-center. Wigginton stopped at third on Luke Scott's single.
Adam Jones hit a bouncer to Betemit at third, who fumbled it, allowing Wigginton to score, giving the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead.
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first. Betemit had a two - run single and Ankiel doubled home Jason Kendall.
Jones walked to lead off the Orioles second, stole second and advanced to third on catcher Kendall's throwing error. He scored on Felix Pie's sacrifice fly and Wigginton doubled home Markakis in the third to cut the lead to 3 - 2.
The Orioles tied it in the sixth, when Markakis led off with a walk, took third on Wigginton's single and scored on Scotts sacrifice fly.
The Royals regained the lead in the bottom of the inning when Mitch Maier's double scored Yuniesky Betancourt, who began the inning with a single.
Right-hander Sean O'Sullivan, making his second Royals start since being acquired in a July 22 trade with the Los Angeles Angels, allowed three runs, four hits and two walks in six innings.
Orioles rookie starter Jake Arrieta was pulled after 4 1/3 innings, giving up three runs, six hits and five walks.