DETROIT--Anibal Sanchez watched Prince Fielder crush a couple of balls--and the scene looked awfully familiar.
Fielder homered and drove in four runs, helping Sanchez win for the first time with the Tigers in Detroit's 10 - 2 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Friday night. Fielder also hit a two - run double. He has 77 RBIs in his first year with the Tigers after leaving the Brewers in the offseason.
Sanchez (1 - 1), acquired July 23 in a trade with the Miami Marlins, allowed one earned run in six - plus innings.
The Indians, who designated outfielder Johnny Damon for assignment before the game, lost their seventh straight. Justin Masterson (7 - 10) allowed seven runs and 10 hits in four innings. He walked four and struck out four.
Fielder and Miguel Cabrera had three hits each for Detroit.
The Tigers returned home after a 3 - 6 trip and immediately snapped out of their funk. Fielder's double in the third inning went off the wall in right-center and gave Detroit a 3 - 1 lead. The Tigers broke the game open with four runs in the fourth.
Quintin Berry hit an RBI double with two outs, Cabrera drove Berry home with a single to make it 5 - 1, and Fielder followed with a two - run homer to right, his 18th of the season.
Andy Dirks and Alex Avila hit RBI singles in the sixth for Detroit.
The reeling Indians have shaken things up this week, cutting right-hander Derek Lowe and then Damon. Ezequiel Carrera, called up to replace Damon, had a rough night in left field. In the second, he misplayed Avila's line drive into an RBI double. Carrera appeared to be fighting the glare--with his sunglasses still flipped up.
Cleveland tied it with an unearned run in the third, but Detroit quickly pulled away.
Sanchez allowed five runs in six innings in his Tigers debut a week earlier at Toronto, but he looked comfortable at Comerica Park, especially after Detroit took a big lead. Sanchez allowed eight hits, walked two and struck out five.
The right-hander got a nice ovation in his home debut when he left during the seventh inning.
In his last two starts, Masterson has allowed 15 earned runs and 17 hits in 9 2/3 innings.
Detroit outfielder Andy Dirks was activated from the disabled list before the game. He had been out since May 31 with right Achilles tendinitis. He had two hits and a walk on Friday.
Cleveland has lost seven straight for the first time since June 2010.