NEW YORK--Jameson Taillon was almost untouchable in his second major league start.
Pittsburgh's touted rookie took a no-hit bid into the seventh inning, dominating the New York Mets while pitching the Pirates to a 4 - 0 victory that snapped their five - game losing streak Tuesday night.
The Pirates rookie dominated the Mets with a kind of start the team hadn't had in a very long time. Stats & Info breaks down his excellence.
The Mets managed just three hits Tuesday night against the Pirates and have now lost three games in a row.
Jung Ho Kang and Starling Marte each hit a two - run homer for the Pirates, backing eight efficient innings of two - hit ball from Taillon.
One of baseball's top pitching prospects, the sturdy right-hander from Texas held New York hitless until Curtis Granderson grounded a leadoff single in the seventh, squeezing it through the shift between two diving infielders on the outfield grass.
Taillon never wavered, though, and promptly got slugger Yoenis Cespedes to ground sharply into a double play.
Taillon (1 - 0) was recalled from the minors before the game when Pittsburgh put ace Gerrit Cole on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right triceps. The 6-foot-5, 240-pound Taillon certainly showed what all the fuss is about, outpitching All-Star Jacob deGrom (3 - 3) in a rematch with the defending NL champions.
The second overall pick in the 2010 amateur draft, the 24-year-old Taillon sat out the past two seasons while recovering from Tommy John surgery and a sports hernia operation. He made his long-awaited big league debut last Wednesday in Pittsburgh against the Mets, allowing three runs and six hits over six innings.
The Pirates lost 6 - 5 in 10 innings, ending their nine - game winning streak over the Mets, and Taillon was optioned back to Triple-A Indianapolis the following day.
Back in the big leagues less than a week after his debut, Taillon commanded his 95 mph moving fastball and sharp curve to win the opener of a three - game series between 2015 playoff teams.
Taillon said he was told Sunday in Indianapolis he was going to start two days later at Citi Field, where Pittsburgh has now won eight of its past 10. Following that brief blip last week, the Pirates quickly got back to their winning ways against New York and stopped their longest skid of the season.
"It was cold. I've seen a lot of college football coaches get those, so I've always wondered how it felt."
James Loney's clean single with one out in the eighth was the only other hit off Taillon, who needed just 91 pitches to get through eight innings. He struck out five and walked one, sending the injury-depleted Mets to their third consecutive defeat.
Tony Watson worked around a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Matt Reynolds in the ninth to finish the three - hitter for Taillon in a crisp game that took only 2 hours, 28 minutes.
Marte singled with two outs in the sixth before Kang homered to left-center off deGrom, who fell to 0 - 3 in eight starts since winning his first three of the season. Pitching in tough luck lately, the right-hander hasn't won since April 30 against San Francisco.