PHOENIX--Brandon Webb got the first big hit Wednesday night and the rest of the Arizona Diamondbacks followed their ace right-hander.
Webb pitched seven solid innings and added a key two - run double, helping the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 6 and gain ground in the NL West.
The Diamondbacks have won three straight for the first time since August 19 - 21 against the Pirates and trimmed the Dodgers' division lead to 3 1/2 games. Los Angeles lost 15 - 8 at Pittsburgh.
Justin Upton and David Eckstein went deep for Arizona, which has 11 games left.
The Diamondbacks led 7 - 3 after eight innings but nearly blew it in the ninth. Doug Slaten walked Scott McClain and Eugenio Velez to start the inning and Tony Pena surrendered a two - run triple to Omar Vizquel.
Rich Aurilia's run-scoring groundout cut it to 7 - 6 but Pena retired Dave Roberts and Randy Winn on consecutive grounders to second for his third save in seven chances.
Webb (21 - 7) allowed three runs--two earned--and eight hits. But his bat was more effective than his sinker early on.
Arizona scored five runs in the second inning to erase a 3 - 1 deficit. Chris Snyder started the rally with a one - out walk and advanced to second on Chris Young's single off Jonathan Sanchez (9 - 11).
Eckstein flied out but Webb followed with a tying two - run double to the center-field wall. The right-hander's hit snapped the Diamondbacks' 0 - for - 25 skid with runners in scoring position.
Webb scored on Stephen Drew's single and Upton added his 14th homer, a towering shot onto the concourse above the center-field fence.
Webb avoided serious trouble from there, allowing only one more runner to reach second and holding San Francisco scoreless over his final six innings.
Sanchez allowed six runs and six hits in 3 2/3 innings. He walked three, struck out four and was disappointed he couldn't help teammate Tim Lincecum in the race for the NL Cy Young Award.
Pablo Sandoval went 2 - for - 4 and drove in a run for San Francisco. Bengie Molina had an RBI single in the first.
Drew went 4 - for - 5 and scored two runs for Arizona.