MILWAUKEE--With the 1982 AL champion Milwaukee Brewers watching, the surprising NL Central-leading Brew Crew put on their own show.
Travis Shaw hit his 20th home run of the season leading off the bottom of the eighth inning and the Brewers edged the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 2 on Saturday night.
Shaw hit the center-field scoreboard when he crushed a 1 - 1 pitch right down the middle from Joaquin Benoit (1 - 4). The victory put the Brewers (52 - 41) a season-high 11 games over.500.
The Brewers honored more than 20 members of the 1982 AL championship team in a 30-minute pregame ceremony. Hall of Famer Robin Yount, Cecil Cooper, Charlie Moore, Gorman Thomas, among others, were cheered with arguably the loudest for the original team owner, former MLB commissioner and 2017 Hall of Fame inductee, Bud Selig.
The St. Louis Cardinals won their ninth championship by edging the Brewers 4 - 3 in the 1982 World Series. It was the Cardinals' 13th trip to the Series and the Brewers' first.
Both clubs are wearing 1982-style throwback jerseys during the three - game series.
Jacob Barnes (2 - 1) picked up the win when got out of jam in the top of the eighth thanks to a slick double play after walking two batters.
Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 20 chances. He struck out Tommy Joseph for his 45th consecutive appearance with a strikeout to start the season, a major league record. Odubel Herrera squeezed a double down the third-base line with two outs, but Cameron Rupp went down swinging to end the game.
Herrera pulled the Phillies even with a solo shot off Jimmy Nelson in the seventh. Nelson went 6 2/3 innings, struck out nine, walked two and missed a chance to match his career-best four consecutive wins.
Hernan Perez made it 2 - 1 for Milwaukee with a home run off Aaron Nola leading off the Brewers' sixth.
Nola pitched four scoreless innings, but lost a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Thames smashed a two - out RBI double.
Nola's streak of four straight starts of seven innings or more ended when Pat Neshek took over to start the seventh. Nola mixed in a changeup with his curveball and struck out seven and walked two.
He knew it could have been better.
Nelson cruised through the first four innings, allowing one hit and striking out seven, but cost himself a run in the fifth. Rupp walked and advanced on a single by Nick Williams. Both moved up on Nelson's errant pitch. Rupp scored on a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly.