PITTSBURGH--James McDonald gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a superb start on Thursday night.
He's been doing that all season.
The fact he finished the game? That was a first.
McDonald pitched his first career complete game, Garrett Jones hit one of Pittsburgh's three home runs and the Pirates won for the fourth time in five games, 9 - 1 over the Minnesota Twins.
McDonald (6 - 3) continued his breakthrough season by allowing one run, six hits and no walks with five strikeouts, lowering his ERA to 2.19. He has allowed one run or fewer in nine of his 14 starts this season.
McDonald was 18 - 20 in 95 career starts heading into this season and is now among the NL leaders in ERA. He credited the additions of two veterans--pitcher A. J. Burnett and catcher Rod Barajas--to the Pittsburgh clubhouse this season for helping him finally harness his long-tantalizing potential.
It was after his most recent start--one in which he allowed one run but lasted only six innings--that Barajas sat him down.
"I could see he really wanted me to finish the game, all my teammates wanted me to finish the game--and I finally believed in myself I could finish the game."
It was the Pirates' first complete game this season.
Jones had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - run homer that made it 8 - 1 in the seventh. Alvarez added a shot that traveled an estimated 435 feet to right-center two batters later. Barajas had a two - run homer in the sixth.
Pittsburgh's Andrew McCutchen came up a home run short of the cycle, scoring two runs and driving in three.
The surging Pirates have won seven of their past eight series and four consecutive series at home. They moved within two games of first-place Cincinnati in the NL Central.
Justin Morneau had two hits for the Twins, who have lost six of eight.
Winners of 10 of its past 12 at home, Pittsburgh rebounded from a loss Wednesday by pounding out 12 hits. Jones, Alvarez and Alex Presley all had two.
With two outs in the first, McCutchen tripled to right-center just past the diving Ben Revere. He scored when Jones followed with an infield single off Minnesota starter Liam Hendriks.
An inning later, McCutchen came up with the bases loaded and two outs and hit a similar hard, deep liner. This time, he pulled it to left for a three - run double.
Barajas snapped an 0 - for - 13 slump with his seventh homer that followed Alvarez's leadoff single in the sixth.
That prompted Minnesota manager Ron Gardenhire to lift Hendriks (0 - 4), who remained winless in 10 career starts. Hendriks was charged with six runs--three earned--and eight hits. He did not walk a batter and had three strikeouts.
"I know we didn't make a play behind him there but there were rockets flying everywhere," Gardenhire added.
Jones, a former Twin, homered for the first time since June 3 after McCutchen singled to lead off the seventh. Alvarez's homer was his fifth in his past five games and team-high 13th this season.
Minnesota got its run in the fourth when Ryan Doumit's two - out single scored Trevor Plouffe.
But that was the only time they could get to McDonald.