ST. LOUIS--Francisco Liriano wasn't feeling well. First came a nosebleed, then the Pirates pitcher felt dizzy at the plate before flying out to end the second inning.
Liriano was getting hooked up to an IV to deal with flu-like symptoms when the Pittsburgh Pirates bullpen stepped up big-time in a 6 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Saturday that snapped a four - game losing streak.
Waiting to be taken out in the third inning, the lefty was bent over, hands on his knees.
Gaby Sanchez had two RBIs in a four - run fourth inning and five relievers combined to work seven strong innings, with key outs from rookie Stolmy Pimentel and Jared Hughes against Yadier Molina.
"To get the swing and miss and then carry it deeper, a big-time push from Stolmy."
Matt Holliday had an RBI double for the Cardinals, who have mustered five runs in their last six games. They got three hits and a run after Liriano left and got beat by an over-shifted defense, too, when Matt Adams lined out to shortstop Jordy Mercer stationed right behind the second-base bag with a man on third in the seventh.
"It's just the way it's going right now."
Molina was a bust on his jersey giveaway day, striking out with the bases loaded to end the third against Pimentel (2 - 0) and popping out with runners on second and third to end the fifth against Hughes. He entered batting.431 during a 15-game hitting streak.
Andrew McCutchen and Jose Tabata each added an RBI off Tyler Lyons (0 - 2) in the fourth, with the first four runners reaching safely after the lefty opened with three perfect innings. Tabata totaled three hits and is a career.345 hitter at Busch Stadium.
The Pirates have scored seven runs while Liriano was in the game in his six starts. They jumped into gear the inning after the lefty was taken out en route to just their third win in their last 10 games.
"It just snowballed on him," the manager added.
Pittsburgh also has struggled offensively, totaling four runs during its losing streak, and got shut out 1 - 0 in the series opener Friday.
Liriano walked Lyons to start the third and was behind 3 - 0 against leadoff man Matt Carpenter before meeting with a trainer on the mound, and then departing.
Tony Sanchez added a two - run single in the ninth off Eric Fornatoro after striking out his first three at-bats.