DENVER--Matt Cain didn't hang his head even after hanging a few pitches to give Colorado a big early lead.
He simply figured that there was plenty of time to get back into the game. After all, this is Coors Field, where no lead is safe.
Cain was correct.
The right-hander settled down after a bumpy beginning, Angel Pagan hit a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning and the San Francisco Giants won their 10th straight over Colorado, rallying from a six - run deficit to beat the Rockies 8 - 6 on Thursday night.
Only this time, they were able to recover. That wasn't the case during a two - game series in Toronto, when the Giants were outscored 21 - 9.
Cain didn't travel with the team to Canada, instead arriving in Denver early. All he could think about was not putting his team in a bad predicament.
And that's precisely what he did.
Cain (3 - 2) struggled early, giving up homers on consecutive pitches to Todd Helton and Nolan Arenado in the second, along with a three - run homer to Wilin Rosario an inning later.
After that, Cain found his rhythm before being pulled with an out in the seventh. In 6 1/3 innings, he gave up nine hits but still moved to 3 - 0 this month.
Jeremy Affeldt held the Rockies hitless in two innings of relief work before handing the ball to closer Sergio Romo, who got two outs to earn his 13th save in 15 chances. The Rockies only had one hit after Rosario's home run.
Brandon Crawford added a three - run double to help San Francisco and Marco Scutaro extended his hitting streak to 15 games. The NL West-leading Giants also extended their mastery over the Rockies, improving to 31 - 9 since 2011.
Jhoulys Chacin (3 - 3) was the reverse of Cain--solid early before falling apart. He yielded a season-high eight runs in 5 1/3 innings to a powerful Giants lineup that came into the game hitting an NL-best.267.
With this performance, Chacin's ERA soared from 2.70 to 4.07.
Trailing by six, the Giants climbed back into the game with a five - run fourth inning. Brandon Belt brought in a run with a walk, with Crawford later adding a bases-clearing double. Cain also got into the scoring act, driving in Crawford with a single. It was Cain's second RBI of the season.
Gregor Blanco tied the game in the sixth with a sacrifice fly to center. Pagan, the leadoff hitter, gave the Giants an 8 - 6 lead with a two - out, two - run single over the head of reliever Adam Ottavino, who was brought in for Chacin.
The bottom of the Giants' lineup certainly came through, driving in six runs.
Cain wrestled with his command early. He gave up three runs each in the second and third innings. Cain allowed back-to-back homers to Helton and Arenado. Helton stood at home plate to watch his two - run homer--not so much to admire his handiwork as see if it would curve foul. It didn't and he trotted around the bases.
On the next offering from Cain, Arenado lined a 91 mph fastball into the seats in left-center.
Rosario had the big blow in the third, hitting a three - run homer to right.
Still, Cain kept his composure on the mound.