DETROIT--Johnny Damon sent a low pitch over the right-field fence, a sweet stroke the New York Yankees have seen many times.
For the first time, Damon did it against New York as an ex-Yankee.
Damon hit a homer in his first game against the team that didn't re-sign him, helping the Detroit Tigers beat the Yankees 5 - 4 on Monday night.
Austin Jackson, a former Yankees prospect, gave Detroit a three - run lead in the second inning, and Phil Coke got two key outs against his former team after Damon's homer.
Damon, though, insisted he was not motivated to show the Yankees what they're missing.
Damon helped the Yankees win the World Series last year in the final season of his $52 million, four - year deal. He wanted a long-term deal at the same average salary, but the Yankees didn't value him that much and kept reducing their offer, claiming payroll constraints.
The Yankees took on a bigger salary when they acquired center fielder Curtis Granderson from Detroit in a three - way trade with Arizona, sending prospect Jackson and Coke to Detroit.
At least short term, the deal has been in the Tigers' favor.
Mark Teixeira's two - run home run pulled New York within a run in the third inning, but it blew chances to score more by stranding nine.
Detroit's Brad Thomas gave up two runs in three innings. Eddie Bonine (3 - 0) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings. Zumaya gave up two runs on three hits and two walks after pitching well for 1 2/3 innings.
Coke retired two before Ryan Perry got Derek Jeter to line out to end the eighth with two on and down a run. Jose Valverde struck out the side for his ninth save.
Valverde fanned Nick Swisher, Teixeira and Alex Rodriguez much to the delight of 34,365 fans.
Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first after Rodriguez's two - out throwing error.
Boesch added an RBI triple in the seventh to give the Tigers a 5 - 2 lead.
Detroit needed the cushion.
The Yankees loaded the bases with no outs against Zumaya in the eighth and former Tiger Marcus Thames hit an infield single to pull within two runs and chase the Detroit reliever. Brett Gardner hit an RBI groundout against Coke and Randy Winn popped out against him.
With the crowd on its feet for a full-count pitch, right fielder Magglio Ordonez made a sliding snag of Jeter's liner near the right-field line.
Mitre (0 - 1) gave up four runs--three earned--on five hits and two walks over 4 1/3 innings.
Damon--who signed an $8 million, one - year deal--hit a solo shot in the fifth to put Detroit ahead 4 - 2 and chase Mitre.