The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Detroit Pistons, 121 - 108, at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday afternoon. The Thunder (29 - 20) came into Saturday's contest with an underwhelming 10 - 13 record away from Chesapeake Energy Arena, but they played as if they were in front of the home crowd right from the opening tip. OKC racked up a whopping 69 points in a prolific first half, and despite their best attempts to keep up, the Pistons (22 - 25) still found themselves trailing by 12 at intermission. The visitors kept their foot on the gas in the third, despite losing guard Andre Roberson to what now appears to be a season - ending injury to his patellar tendon. Ultimately, even a game - high 27 points in the fourth quarter couldn't draw Detroit anywhere near a tie, leading to their 10th home loss of the campaign. The two teams were very close in shooting percentage, with the Thunder's 48 percent success rate from the field barely edging the Pistons' 46 percent figure. The turnover battle was a different story, however, as the hosts lost the ball on 16 occasions as compared to a more modest nine on the part of Oklahoma City. Russell Westbrook led the way for the Thunder with a 31 - point, 13 - assist, 11 - rebound triple - double that also included two steals. Paul George followed with 26 points, three rebounds, two assists and three steals. Carmelo Anthony provided 21 points, five rebounds, one assist and two steals. With the Big Three all enjoying productive offensive afternoons, Steven Adams scaled back his involvement but still managed 13 points, seven rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. Roberson tallied five points, five rebounds, one assist and one block in 22 minutes before his injury. Tobias Harris paced the Pistons with 21 points, a total he supplemented with three rebounds, one assist and one steal. Reggie Bullock followed with a bench - leading 16 points and added six rebounds, four assists and one steal. Ish Smith supplied 15 points, nine assists and three rebounds. Boban Marjanovic registered 14 points, eight rebounds, two assists and one steal in just 14 minutes off the bench. Andre Drummond pitched in a 12 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists, three blocks and one steal. Luke Kennard poured in 11 points and one rebound. With Detroit dealing with a sizable second - half deficit, their bench saw extended run and totaled 64 points. The Thunder head back home and await a Sunday evening visit from the Philadelphia 76ers, while the Pistons hit the road and visit the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday evening as well.