SAN FRANCISCO--Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner wanted to waste a two - strike curveball in front of Rockies cleanup hitter Justin Morneau.
He left the ball up just enough for Morneau to get a piece of it--the only mistake on an otherwise memorable night for the San Francisco left-hander.
Bumgarner pitched a one - hitter and matched his career high of 13 strikeouts, and the Giants beat the Rockies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak.
The two - time All-Star retired the first 21 batters before Morneau doubled down the right-field line to end the bid for perfection. That was the only baserunner Bumgarner (15 - 9) gave up. He fanned the next three hitters.
Madison Bumgarner's near-perfect outing against the Rockies was a reminder not to forget about the Giants, David Schoenfield writes.
San Francisco's husky left-hander was attempting to follow Tim Lincecum's no-hitter at AT & T Park on June 25 against San Diego with another milestone for a sellout crowd of 41,050 on a pristine Bay Area evening.
His 103-pitch gem kept the Giants in a wild-card spot.
Matt Cain is the last Giants pitcher to throw a perfect game, on June 13, 2012.
Buster Posey homered twice for San Francisco.
The hapless Rockies came close to breaking up Bumgarner's bid for perfection in the top of the fifth. Matt McBride was thrown out by shortstop Brandon Crawford on a close play at first base. Colorado manager Walt Weiss came out to dispute the call but did not ask for a replay after getting a signal from his dugout.
Drew Stubbs hit a deep fly to left in the first, but Gregor Blanco made the catch near the wall.
Colorado didn't come close to getting a hit otherwise.
It's Bumgarner's third career shutout and sixth complete game. He also became the first pitcher in franchise history with six games of 10-plus strikeouts with no walks.
The Giants didn't do much offensively either until Posey's two - run home run in the sixth chased Rockies starter Jorge De La Rosa. Hunter Pence drew a leadoff walk before Posey smashed a 3 - 1 pitch into the stands in left-center.
Posey also homered in the eighth off reliever Brooks Brown. It's the second multihomer game of Posey's career.
De La Rosa (13 - 9) struck out five and walked two in five - plus innings before leaving with a bruised left thumb he hurt while batting.