ST. LOUIS--Carlos Beltran would prefer to hit in one spot every day. No matter where he lands on the lineup card, there's no arguing the results.
Primarily the St. Louis Cardinals' cleanup man, Beltran provided some pop batting second in a 2 - 0 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday night. Beltran hit his National League-leading 17th home run in support of Kyle Lohse, who allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings to outduel Justin Masterson.
Beltran has batted cleanup 31 times, third three times and second 18 times. Manager Mike Matheny resisted the temptation to shift Beltran back to cleanup after Matt Holliday was scratched just before the first pitch with mid-back spasms.
Beltran, who has homered nine times batting second, also leads the Cardinals with 45 RBIs.
Michael Brantley had two singles to extend his hitting streak to 17 games for Cleveland. But the Indians had only three runners in scoring position against Lohse (6 - 1), who ended a string of five starts with no-decisions and a 5.16 ERA, and two relievers.
Beltran homered with two outs in the third and had three of the seven hits for St. Louis, which has won three of four. Shane Robinson doubled to start the eighth and scored on Rafael Furcal's one - out sacrifice fly against Jeremy Accardo.
The game took just 2 hours, 14 minutes, the fastest of the season for both teams. It was the first time the Indians were shut out, leaving only the Tigers who have yet to be blanked.
Manager Manny Acta put his thumbs up in celebration.
Masterson (2 - 6) struck out six with no walks in seven innings, while giving up five hits, but fell to 1 - 4 in his last seven starts. He retired the side in order in three of his last four innings and walked none.
Indians pitchers totaled one walk, an intentional pass from Accardo to Yadier Molina in the eighth that also represented the lone three - ball count against a St. Louis hitter.
Lohse moved a game above.500 at 108 - 107 in his career with his first win over the Indians since 2004, when he worked an inning of relief in a 12-inning game. The outing was his longest of the season, one out longer than on Opening Day when he won at Miami. He also threw 105 pitches for his first time in triple digits this season.
In his last two starts, Lohse has allowed one run on five hits in 13 2/3 innings.
Molina threw out Asdrubal Cabrera attempting to steal, ending the eighth on reliever Marc Rzepczynski's only pitch, and Jason Motte finished for his 11th save in 14 chances.
Brantley is 24 for 65 (.369) during the longest current streak in the majors.
Molina reached a pair of firsts for St. Louis, batting third the first time in his career and getting caught stealing for the first time in six attempts on a nice throw by catcher Carlos Santana to end the sixth. The slow-footed Molina usually catches foes napping.