MINNEAPOLIS--The Minnesota Twins are stuck in quite a rut with less than a week to go before the postseason begins.
Edwin Encarnacion's three - run homer highlighted a four - run eighth inning for Toronto that lifted the Blue Jays to a 6 - 3 victory over the Twins on Friday night.
Minnesota clinched the AL Central title on Sept. 21 and has spent the last 10 days trying to get Joe Mauer, Jim Thome and the rest of the team healthy before Game 1 of the division series Wednesday. That hasn't made taking seven losses in their last eight games any easier.
Encarnacion had three hits and four RBIs and has hit three homers in the first two games of the season's final series.
Pavano gave up two runs--one earned--and nine hits in seven innings for the Twins (93 - 67), who fell 1 1/2 games behind the Yankees for the best record in the AL. New York's game at Boston was rained out and rescheduled as part of a day-night doubleheader Saturday.
Normally reliable reliever Jesse Crain (1 - 1) gave up four runs on three hits in the eighth.
Ricky Romero (14 - 9) gave up two runs on six hits with five strikeouts in eight innings and Lyle Overbay and John Buck each added three hits for the Blue Jays.
The Blue Jays (84 - 76) are finishing the season on a strong note with eight wins in their last nine games.
The Blue Jays led 6 - 2 to start the ninth, but Trevor Plouffe homered off Jason Frasor and the Twins had runners on the corners with two outs. Kevin Gregg got Danny Valencia to pop out to the catcher for his 37th save.
Toronto put on an incredible power-hitting display in the first game of the series, belting six home runs in a ballpark that has gained a reputation for being unfriendly to hitters. Jose Bautista and Encarnacion each hit a pair, and Toronto rolled to a 13 - 2 win.
But Pavano forced the heavy-hitting Blue Jays to play a rare game of small ball for seven innings, an encouraging sign for a Twins rotation that has been battered over the last week.
Twins pitchers had allowed at least 10 runs five times in the previous seven games, and Francisco Liriano, who will start Game 1 of the playoffs Wednesday, gave up five runs on three homers Thursday night.
Pavano, who will start Game 2, allowed 12 earned runs in nine innings over his previous two starts, and there were more than a few Twins fans getting a little nervous watching all the blowouts with the postseason right around the corner.
But Pavano breezed through the first six innings, giving up just an RBI single to Encarnacion in the fifth that made it 1-all. The right-hander wiggled out of a bases loaded, none - out jam in the seventh and escaped with just one unearned run when he struck out Bautista looking.
Crain took over in the eighth and gave up an RBI single to Buck before serving up just his second home run since May 18 when Encarnacion's drive just reached the seats in left field. Toronto has hit 254 homers this year, 47 more than second-place Boston.
Delmon Young had two hits, including a solo homer for the Twins. Mauer went 1 for 4 with an RBI in his first game at catcher since Sept. 19 because of a sore left knee.