DETROIT--Jeremy Bonderman looked like a dependable pitcher again.
Bonderman gave up one hit in five innings and Magglio Ordonez had a two - run homer, leading the Detroit Tigers to a 4 - 2 win over the Cleveland Indians on Saturday.
The right-hander won and started for the first time at home in nearly two years, bouncing back from surgery that broke up a blood clot in his throwing shoulder.
Bonderman (1 - 0) retired the first 11 he faced, then allowed a run on a wild pitch, single and two walks to win for the first time since his last Comerica Park start on May 22, 2008.
He started on Opening Day for the Tigers in 2005 at the age of 22, the youngest pitcher to earn the honor since Dwight Gooden two decades earlier, and helped them reach the World Series the next season for the first time since 1984.
A circulation problem in his shoulder in 2008 stunted his career.
The Tigers, though, publicly counted on him being a starter this year and he rewarded their faith with a strong spring and first start.
Bonderman needed some help to get the win.
Brad Thomas gave up a run as he matched a career high by pitching two innings, Fu-Te Ni retired two and Ryan Perry took the ball for the final 1 1/3 innings to pick up his first career save.
The Tigers have won three straight and four of five.
Mitch Talbot (0 - 1) allowed four runs, six hits and five walks in his debut with the Indians and fourth game in the majors.
He threw 38 pitches--just half for strikes--in the first inning before recovering well enough for stay in the game for 101 pitches over five innings.
Johnny Damon singled in the first, ending a three - game hitless streak, and scored on Ordonez's no-doubt shot to left.
The Tigers scored two more in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead on Brandon Inge's RBI single and Scott Sizemore's sacrifice fly, the rookie's first RBI.
Bonderman struck out the top two hitters in Cleveland's lineup--Asdrubal Cabrera and Grady Sizemore--to open the fourth, inspiring "Let's go Bon-do!" chants from fans in the stands. Then, he walked Shin-Soo Choo on a full-count pitch. Choo advanced to third on a single and scored on a wild pitch.
Hafner's RBI single in the sixth pulled the Indians within two runs and they blew a chance to at least cut into the deficit two innings later. Ni hit two straight batters in the eighth, then struck out Hafner and Perry got Jhonny Peralta out swinging.