ATLANTA--Jon Lester stopped himself as he started to say he hoped the Cubs could keep winning at their current pace.
That would be asking for too much.
Lester earned his fourth straight victory after allowing no earned runs in seven innings as Chicago beat the Atlanta Braves 13 - 2 on Sunday to win their final series at Turner Field.
The Cubs improved to 25 games over.500 with Sunday's win over the Braves, thanks in no small part to Jon Lester and the rest of the pitching staff.
The Cubs (43 - 18) have won 14 of 18 and improved to 39 - 2 when scoring at least four runs. They moved 25 games over.500 with their best record through 61 games since 1907, when they won the World Series.
Lester (8 - 3) also is on an impressive personal run. He has allowed only one earned run with no walks in three wins this month, lowering his ERA to 1.89. He gave up five hits to the Braves, his high mark of the month, with seven strikeouts.
Maddon also had difficulty finding perspective for the Cubs' strong record.
Chicago outscored Atlanta 21 - 4 in winning the final two games of the three - game series.
Javier Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow to cap the Cubs' six - run eighth inning.
Anthony Rizzo drove in three runs with three hits. David Ross had two hits and also drove in two runs, one on a base-loaded walk from Alexi Ogando in Chicago's three - run seventh.
Jason Heyward, who began his career with the Braves, had three hits, two walks and scored three runs.
The Cubs matched their season high with four errors. The first of two throwing errors by Ross, on a double-steal by Freddie Freeman and Chase d'Arnaud, allowed d'Arnaud to score Atlanta's only run in the first inning.
The Braves (18 - 44) have the majors' worst record. They are 7 - 25 at home.
Braves rookie right-hander John Gant (0 - 1), making his first start after seven relief appearances, allowed three runs, two earned, in 4 1/3 innings. Gant gave up four hits with four walks and left the game trailing 3 - 1.
Withrow gave up six runs while recording only one out.