WASHINGTON (AP)--For the Florida Marlins, it was easy to explain how it is that they beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 Monday night to take sole possession of first place in the NL East.
"Some big home runs to keep us ahead," Gonzalez also noted, alluding to Dan Uggla's solo shot in the sixth and Robert Andino's two - run shot in the ninth.
And the Nationals? Different players kept offering to take the blame for their fifth consecutive loss following a 3 - 0 start.
"I put my pitcher in the hole," center fielder Lastings Milledge offered, saying he took his eye off Uggla's flyball in the first inning, an error that led to one of six unearned runs Washington allowed.
"We're just not getting it done right now," acknowledged right fielder Austin Kearns, part of a 1 - for - 11 night with five strikeouts for the hosts' 3 - 4 - 4 hitters.
Washington also left the bases loaded twice, something the team now has done a total of nine times through eight games.
Florida improved to 4 - 3 thanks in large part to putting up five runs off Redding in the third. All the scoring was unearned, because of shortstop Cristian Guzman's throwing error, and the big blow was Hanley Ramirez's three - run homer to left. Ramirez finished with three hits.
Redding's line was unusual: four innings, seven hits, seven runs--only one earned.
Marlins starter Andrew Miller--who came over from Detroit in the offseason trade that sent slugging third baseman Miguel Cabrera and left-hander Dontrelle Willis to the Tigers--allowed six runs in 3 1 - 3 innings. After he departed, Florida's bullpen went to work.
Renyel Pinto (1 - 0) earned the win with 2 2/3 hitless innings. He was followed by Justin Miller, Taylor Tankersley and Kevin Gregg, who got four outs to earn the first save by a Marlins pitcher this season.
In the seventh, Washington loaded the bases with one out, but Justin Miller got Ronnie Belliard on a popup and pinch-hitter Aaron Boone to fly to center.
In the eighth, the Nationals scored a run on Milledge's sac fly following Guzman's second triple of the game--he tied a team record--and then loaded the bases with three consecutive walks.
But Gregg got Paul Lo Duca on a routine grounder to third.