SAN FRANCISCO--For Cliff Lee it was just another game, another win that will help his team reach the postseason. There was no revenge factor, no statements.
Lee threw a seven - hitter, Hunter Pence and John Mayberry hit back-to-back home runs and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 3 - 0 Thursday night.
Lee (11 - 7) was commanding in his first regular season start against the Giants in two years, striking out eight, including Cody Ross four times, and not walking a hitter. He set down 10 in a row at one point in his major league-leading fifth shutout this season.
It was also some revenge for Lee, who lost twice to the Giants in last year's World Series pitching for the Texas Rangers.
Pence had three hits and drove in two runs and is hitting.360 (9 for 25) since joining the Phillies.
Madison Bumgarner, a postseason hero for the Giants, recovered after allowing two long balls in a game for just the second time this year and the first since June 15.
Bumgarner (6 - 11) retired 13 of 14 following Mayberry's blast. He went eight innings, allowing six hits, walking two and striking out nine.
The Phillies, who have won seven straight since losing two in a row to the Giants in Philadelphia, remain undefeated since acquiring Pence, who homered in a Phillies uniform for the first time. Pence ended a 19-game, 67-at bat homerless drought when he connected on Bumgarner's first pitch in the second inning.
Bumgarner allowed the first three Phillies to reach in the first, but Jimmy Rollins was thrown out trying to steal third by Chris Stewart and Howard lined into a 5 - 6 double play.
The Phillies never had more than one runner on in an inning the rest of the way.
Lee, who threw the 10th shutout of his career, made it all academic, needing just 74 pitches to get through the first seven innings and 106 overall. He sent the Giants to their sixth loss in seven games, slicing a half-game off their NL West lead over the Arizona Diamondbacks, who open a three - game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday.
Pence added an RBI single in the ninth against Santiago Casilla.