The Boston Celtics defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, 100 - 99, at TD Garden on Tuesday evening. The Celtics (48 - 23) still retain an outside shot of recapturing the top spot in the Eastern Conference from the Toronto Raptors, but they'll have to keep piling up wins to do so. The fact that star point guard Kyrie Irving (knee) remains out of commission only makes the task more daunting, but Tuesday's contest ultimately showed why Boston can't be counted out just yet. After a highly entertaining, back - and - forth affair that saw both teams often match each other bucket for bucket, the Thunder (43 - 30) looked like they'd finally built an insurmountable 98 - 92 cushion with 25 seconds remaining. No one gave the trio of Jayson Tatum, Terry Rozier and Marcus Morris the memo, however, as they all drained clutch baskets over the final 18 seconds to seal the improbable comeback. Rozier's 27 - foot three - pointer with 13 seconds remaining followed a free - throw line sequence by Russell Westbrook where he had a key miss on the first of his two shots. The trey left the home squad down only two, and then Carmelo Anthony subsequently missed two more attempts from the charity stripe - - the second of which was rebounded by Tatum. That set up a 26 - footer from Morris that found the net with 1 seconds left and gave the hosts a one - point lead. Westbrook would have one more chance to atone for his earlier misfire, but he hit the front of the rim on his last - gasp three - point attempt at the buzzer. Westbrook led the way for the Thunder with 27 points and added eight rebounds, seven assists and one steal. Paul George posted a 24 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one steal. Steven Adams produced 14 points, seven rebounds and two assists. Anthony finished with 13 points, five boards, three assists, one steal and one block. Corey Brewer supplied 11 points, five rebounds, three assists, two steals and one block. The bench played a minor role, as Jerian Grant paced the second unit with a modest six points, two rebounds and one assist. Tatum paced the Celtics with a 23 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included four assists, one steal and one block. Morris posted 21 points, four rebounds and one steal. Greg Monroe continued his strong play off the bench with 17 points, six rebounds, three assists, one steal and one block. Rozier managed 14 points, six rebounds, six assists and two steals. Shane Larkin was productive on the second unit with 13 points, four boards and one assist. Al Horford had a rough 2 - for - 9 shooting night on his way to five points, a total he complemented with seven assists, six rebounds and two blocks. The Thunder head back home and await a Friday night visit from the Miami Heat, while the Celtics embark on a West Coast road swing that begins with a Friday night showdown with the Portland Trail Blazers.