CHICAGO--Derrek Lee made up for his shaky performance from a night earlier with a home run and a great defensive stop at first base.
That Lee would rebound so quickly was not a surprise for the Chicago Cubs, who beat Oakland Oakland 6 - 2 on Wednesday night.
What was a bit startling was a sacrifice bunt from Alfonso Soriano--his first ever in a Cubs uniform and first in four years.
What Soriano and all the Cubs, including winning pitcher Ryan Dempster, really want is to shake this season-long funk before it's too late. The win Wednesday night was only Chicago's seventh in its past 19 games.
Dempster (5 - 5) gave up eight hits and two runs, striking out seven in 6 2/3 innings.
A's starter Gio Gonzalez (6 - 5) surrendered eight hits and a season-high six runs in five innings.
Lee, in a 1 - for - 13 slump, led off the bottom of the second by lining his eighth homer of the season into the left-field bleachers, tying the score at 1. Soriano walked one out later and moved to third on Geovany Soto's liner to center that was scored a double when Ryan Sweeney fell down fielding it. Starlin Castro followed with an RBI single to left, and Soto was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a strong throw from Conor Jackson.
"I had a terrible night last night. It was embarrassing. So you try to come back and help your team.... Last night was not fun."
Castro hit a bases-loaded sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 1 in the fourth. It followed singles by Lee and Xavier Nady and the sacrifice bunt by Soriano--his first since he was with the Nationals in 2006 and only the ninth of his major league career--and an intentional walk to Soto.
Nady had a two - out RBI single, a hard smash that went past third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff and made it 4 - 1 in the fifth, and Soriano followed with a two - run double down the right-field line.
But his bunt was what had his teammate talking.
The A's scored a run in the first when Jackson, who was acquired Tuesday from Arizona, and Daric Barton opened with back-to-back singles and Sweeney delivered a sacrifice fly. But with two runners still on, Dempster escaped the big inning by getting Kurt Suzuki to hit into a 1 - 4 - 4 double play.
Dempster, who had a baserunner in each of the first five innings, was backed by three nice defensive plays from third baseman Jeff Baker.
On an RBI grounder from Barton in the seventh, Lee made a nice stop to keep the ball from getting through for a single.