BOSTON--Rick Porcello continued to dominate at Fenway Park, and fans had to settle for a Red Sox victory without an appearance by Alex Rodriguez.
Porcello pitched eight solid innings, Matt Barnes cleaned up a mess created by closer Craig Kimbrel and Boston held on to beat the New York Yankees 5 - 3 on Tuesday night.
Kimbrel walked in a run with the bases loaded in the ninth before handing off to Barnes, who struck out Mark Teixeira for his first save. Boston returned home after going 5 - 6 on a West Coast trip.
Sarcastic calls for A-Rod, a bench-clearing dustup, bad bobbleheads and the next generation of stars on display: Yankees-Red Sox as thrilling as ever.
A replay review turned what would have been his first major league homer into an RBI double, but that didn't bother Red Sox rookie Andrew Benintendi, who helped Boston to a 5 - 3 win Tuesday.
The Yankees say Alex Rodriguez will start in the series finale against the Red Sox on Thursday, one day before he plays his final career game.
After falling behind early, the Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth to lead 5 - 2. Boston has won 10 of the last 14 meetings between the rivals. Dustin Pedroia had three RBI.
Porcello (15 - 3) allowed two runs and struck out six. He improved to 11 - 0 in 12 starts at home this season.
Luis Severino (1 - 7) allowed five runs and seven hits over 4 1/3 innings. It was his first start since being demoted to the minors in May.
Rodriguez did not play after announcing that this week's four games would be his last with the Yankees. Manager Joe Girardi said the plan is for Rodriguez to start the final game of the series on Thursday night. A-Rod will play his final game in pinstripes Friday night at home against Tampa Bay.
With the Red Sox leading in the ninth, a "We want A-Rod!" chant briefly broke out among sellout crowd.
Rodriguez made his major league debut for Seattle at Fenway in 1994.
Things got tense for a moment in the seventh after Chase Headley was thrown out trying to stretch his double off the Green Monster into a triple. Benches cleared after Headley had words with Porcello, and the two briefly came face-to-face. Umpires quickly stepped in and were able to calm things.
Porcello declined to say what the specific issue was about.
Headley also was mum about the incident.
The Red Sox played catch up until putting things together in the fifth.
Andrew Benintendi nearly had his first career homer after hitting a shot next to the yellow line that separates the Green Monster and the wall in center. The umpires conferred briefly before signaling a home run. Benintendi rounded the bases and had a few minutes in the dugout before the call was overturned on a review and ruled a double.
It still drove in Sandy Leon, who led off with a triple to the corner in right, and put Boston up 3 - 2.
Benintendi scored on a double by Pedroia, and the second baseman came around to put Boston up 5 - 2 when David Ortiz hit a line drive off the Green Monster.