CHICAGO--Paul Goldschmidt hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning, leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 win over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday night.
Arizona starter Ian Kennedy (3 - 3) allowed four runs on three hits in seven innings and retired 20 of the final 21 batters he faced to help put an end to Chicago's five - game winning streak.
Gerardo Parra led the game off with a home run and Jason Kubel hit a bases-clearing double in the seventh inning for the Diamondbacks, who won just for the second time in 12 games at Wrigley Field.
Nate Schierholtz hit a solo shot and an RBI double, but the Chicago bullpen couldn't hold a 3 - 1 lead for starter Jeff Samardzija.
The Diamondbacks scored a season-high 12 runs and had a season-high 17 hits. The Cubs bullpen gave a up nine runs on 10 hits with four walks in 2 2/3 innings.
With the scored tied at 4 in the eighth inning, Parra hit what looked to be a go-ahead RBI double off Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol (2 - 3), but the ball got stuck in the ivy in the center field wall, resulting in a ground-rule double. Willie Bloomquist was sent back to third base, who was running on the pitch and would've easily scored from first.
After a walk to load the bases, Goldschmidt hit a long shot off Marmol to center field for his first career grand slam, giving the Diamondbacks an 8 - 4 lead.
Trailing 3 - 1 in the seventh inning, Goldschmidt worked a walk against Samardzija to put runners on first and second and end Samardzija's outing. After retiring the first batter he faced for the second out, Cubs reliever James Russell walked Martin Prado and Kubel followed with a double to clear the bases and give Arizona a 4 - 3 lead.
After retiring 17 straight batters, Kennedy was tagged by Schierholtz for a home run leading off the bottom of the seventh. It was Schierholtz's seventh of season.
Samardzija showed flashes of his dominant performance against the White Sox on Monday, but was pitching in and out of trouble most of the night. He allowed three runs and seven hits, while striking out 11 and walking three. In his previous outing against the White Sox, he pitched a two - hitter while striking out eight.
After a 2-hour, 21-minute rain delay, Parra led off the game with a home run to right. It was the fourth time in his career he led off a game with a home run and it was his fifth of the season.
With no outs in the first inning, the Cubs loaded the bases. David DeJesus scored on Alfonso Soriano's sacrifice fly then Schierholtz hit an RBI double down the right field line. Anthony Rizzo scored on Welington Castillo's ground out to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead.
Cubs manager Dale Sveum was ejected by home plate umpire Joe West in the second inning after arguing a close call at first base. It was his second ejection of the season.
Kennedy was back on the mound after missing his last start because of a cut on his right index finger. Kennedy cut his finger while washing a knife.