ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--The struggling Tampa Bay Rays needed a lift, and Tim Beckham was ecstatic to provide it.
The rookie shortstop pointed to the dugout as he sprinted up the first base line after lashing a two - out, bases-loaded single that snapped an eighth-inning tie and lifted his team to a 3 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night.
The sputtering Rays rallied after being limited to two hits over seven innings by Orioles starter Chris Tillman, who came within six outs of winning his sixth straight decision before walking Kevin Kiermaier leading off the eighth.
Kiermaier stole second and raced home on John Jaso's two - out single off reliever Darren O'Day (5 - 1) to make it 1 - 1. Evan Longoria followed with a bloop single and James Loney was walked intentionally before Beckham singled up the middle.
Beckham received a Gatorade bath leaving the field. He hopes his teammates haven't doused his good fortune.
Alex Colome (4 - 4) pitched a scoreless eighth, and Jake McGee worked the ninth for his fifth save.
The Orioles, meanwhile, lost for the first time this season when leading after seven innings.
Tillman picked up where he left off from a stellar performance at Detroit last weekend, walking three and striking out four while frustrating Tampa Bay most of the night.
Chris Davis gave Tillman all the offensive support it looked like the right-hander might need with a RBI double in the fourth off All-Star Chris Archer (9 - 8), who allowed one run and five hits over six innings.
The Orioles were 39 - 0 when leading after seven innings, but couldn't finish the Rays, who were coming off losing two of three at Philadelphia, which has the worst record in the majors.
Baltimore has lost four straight after getting swept by the first-place New York Yankees.
Tillman yielded a leadoff single to Ian Kinsler and walked Victor Martinez in the first inning before finishing a one - hit, eight - inning outing by retiring the last 23 batters he faced in a 3 - 0 victory at Detroit last Saturday. He fanned the first two Rays and extended his streak to 28 consecutive hitters before walking David DeJesus with two outs in the second.
Longoria doubled down the right-field line for the first hit off the Tillman, who also walked Beckham before escaping a jam in the fourth. Kiermaier bunted for a single in the fifth, but was stranded when Rene Rivera struck out and Steven Souza Jr. grounded to third to end the inning.