ST. LOUIS--Skip Schumaker gave the St. Louis Cardinals the clutch hit they lacked the previous game.
Schumaker singled to snap an eighth-inning tie after the Cincinnati Reds twice rallied to even the score in a 6 - 3 victory Saturday. The Cardinals bounced back after stranding five runners the final three innings of a one - run loss Friday night, which was elongated by a rain delay of 2 hours, 32 minutes.
David Freese, who homered for St. Louis, said he got only five hours' sleep.
Reds relievers looked fatigued during St. Louis' three - run eighth, issuing four walks, including Albert Pujols and Matt Holliday with the bases loaded.
Schumaker batted.303 last year, but only.220 with two RBIs in 100 at-bats against left-handers. He's 6 for 12 with one RBI against lefties this year after singling to the opposite field off Daniel Ray Herrera.
Pujols' RBI double with two outs in the seventh gave the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead and chased Homer Bailey. He's 9 of 17 with three doubles and four RBIs the first six games of a seven - game homestand, including his first day off of the season Thursday.
Freese added his second homer of the season and second in three days for the Cardinals, who have won six of seven and ended the Reds' five - game winning streak.
Kyle Lohse allowed a run and struck out eight in seven innings and also singled twice, but remained the lone member of the St. Louis rotation without a win. He matched his best strikeout total since June 30, 2007, when he was the Reds and faced the Cardinals in Cincinnati.
Lohse totaled seven strikeouts his first four starts of the year. Half of his strikeouts against the Reds were called.
Ryan Franklin (1 - 0) got the last four outs after the Reds scored twice off the St. Louis bullpen. Cincinnati benefited from a poor throw by Colby Rasmus on Scott Rolen's tying sacrifice fly to shallow center. Rasmus, who was removed in a double switch, went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts.
The only run the first six innings came on Freese's drive that barely cleared the right field wall in the fourth. Jay Bruce tripled to start the seventh and Orlando Cabrera followed with a sacrifice fly to tie the game.
Pujols' RBI double put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh and he scored on Rolen's throwing error as the Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead. Rolen's wild throw to first on Holliday's infield hit got away from Votto and allowed Pujols to score.
Jason LaRue doubled off Carlos Fisher (0 - 1) with one out in the eighth, pinch runner Jaime Garcia advanced on a groundout and Brendan Ryan walked on a full count before Schumaker lined a single to left off Herrera.