LOS ANGELES--After four straight losses with Josh Beckett on the mound, the Los Angeles Dodgers finally got a victory when he pitched--although Ronald Belisario got the decision.
Adrian Gonzalez drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with a two - out double in the seventh inning, Carl Crawford homered, and the Dodgers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 5 on Friday night.
Beckett allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings, striking out five and walking two. The no-decision left him 0 - 3 in five starts with a 4.75 ERA and eight home runs allowed--including Ryan Braun's seventh and Yuniesky Betancourt's fourth. Beckett is 2 - 6 with a 3.68 ERA in 12 starts since the Dodgers acquired the 32-year-old right-hander along with Crawford, Gonzalez and Nick Punto in a nine - player trade Aug. 25.
The only other time the three - time All-Star and 2003 World Series MVP was winless in his first five starts of a season was 2002, when he was 0 - 2 with a 3.42 ERA for the Marlins. This is the seventh time the 13-year veteran has had an ERA of 4.00 or worse through his first five starts, including identical 7.22 figures in 2009 and 2010 with Boston.
Justin Sellers greeted reliever Burke Badenhop (0 - 2) with a leadoff single in the seventh and advanced on a sacrifice bunt by Jerry Hairston Jr. Punto drew a four - pitch walk from Michael Gonzalez with two out, and Adrian Gonzalez followed with a drive off the glove of center fielder Carlos Gomez as Sellers and Punto scored to give Los Angeles a 5 - 4 lead.
The Dodgers extended the margin to 7 - 4 in the eighth on a run-scoring groundout by Hairston and an RBI single by Crawford.
Belisario (2 - 2) struck out three over 1 2/3 hitless innings after following Paco Rodriguez out of the bullpen. Rodriguez gave up a go-ahead RBI single by Norichika Aoki, who ended up at third base after two - time Gold Glove center fielder Matt Kemp overran the ball for his fourth error of the season. But Aoki was thrown out at the plate by Belisario on a botched suicide squeeze with Jean Segura at the plate.
Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth but got his seventh save in eight attempts to help send the Brewers to their second straight loss after a nine - game winning streak. League retired Braun on a groundout with the potential tying run at the plate to end it.
The Dodgers, who totaled only seven runs in Beckett's first four starts, staked him to a 2 - 0 lead against rookie Hiram Burgos with Andre Ethier's two - out RBI single in the first inning and Crawford's leadoff homer in the third.
The Brewers got on the board in the fourth with Braun's two - out homer. They took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth when Betancourt led off with a homer to left-center and Segura hit a two - out RBI single, but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez's two - out RBI double inside first base.