SEATTLE--Jake Odorizzi did his job on the mound, backing up what David Price did the previous night for Tampa Bay.
It got overshadowed by the concern for how long the Rays could be without All-Star second baseman Ben Zobrist.
Odorizzi pitched one - hit ball, but the Rays lost Zobrist to a dislocated thumb during a 2 - 0 win over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday.
Zobrist's injury isn't considered serious. But the Rays are not sure whether he'll end up on the disabled list or be able to play through the injury. Rays manager Joe Maddon said the club likely would make a decision Thursday after seeing how the thumb responds.
Zobrist hurt his left thumb on a headfirst slide while trying to steal second base in the fifth and yelled in pain.
The valuable all-purpose player jammed himself into the bag after being tagged out, walked off the field holding his hand and later had his thumb adjusted back into place. Zobrist said having the thumb put back in hurt more than jamming it originally.
X-rays to check whether there was a fracture were negative.
Odorizzi (2 - 3) picked up his first win since the opening week of the season, teaming with three relievers on a combined two - hitter.
Odorizzi allowed only two baserunners, both on walks, and then retired 12 straight batters before James Jones broke up the no-hit bid with a two - out single in the sixth.
Odorizzi struck out Stefen Romero to end the sixth, his eighth, but his pitch count was at 95. Odorizzi said he knew he had a no-hitter going but realized it was a long time before it could become reality.
With the Rays bullpen rested after Price's complete game the night before, Maddon ended Odorizzi's day after six innings. Jake McGee walked Robinson Cano to open the seventh but got Justin Smoak to ground into a double play.
Joel Peralta worked around a one - out double by Dustin Ackley in the eighth, helped by a questionable strikeout of John Buck when he was called out by first-base umpire Lance Barksdale on a check swing. That set off Seattle manager Lloyd McClendon. His argument led to his second ejection of the season and left a fan with a souvenir after McClendon threw his hat into the stands.
Grant Balfour worked the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances.
Brandon Maurer (1 - 2) and the Seattle bullpen held the Rays to three hits, but Tampa Bay scored twice in the fourth on a bases-loaded walk to Yunel Escobar and a wild pitch that scored Wil Myers.
Maurer failed to make it through that inning after losing command. With a runner already on base, Maurer issued three straight two - out walks to Myers, Desmond Jennings and the last to Escobar that forced in a run.
Reliever Dominic Leone almost immediately threw a wild pitch that scored Myers.