LOS ANGELES--The runs just keep on coming for St. Louis.
Powered by Albert Pujols and Matt Holliday, the Cardinals' offense feasted on the Los Angeles Dodgers' pitching in a 9 - 5 victory on Thursday night.
St. Louis won for the fourth time in five games, and is averaging more than nine runs in that stretch.
Pujols homered for the second time this season and Holliday drove in three runs and scored twice to continue his dominance against the Dodgers. He's batting.345 in 92 career games against them, while his 70 runs in 84 games against the Dodgers since 2005 leads the major leagues.
The Dodgers' second homestand of the season opened with a heavy security presence inside and outside the stadium, the result of a San Francisco Giants fan being severely beaten on opening day last month.
No one has been arrested despite the offer of more than $150,000 in reward money.
Hall of Fame broadcasters Vin Scully and Jaime Jarrin appeared on the stadium's video board with English and Spanish messages before the game urging fans to have a good time but respect those around them.
Los Angeles police didn't immediately have a tally but reported a few citations issued before the game. Inside the stadium, the announced crowd of 34,288 was low-key and many fans streamed out after the seventh-inning stretch with the Dodgers trailing by six runs. Owner Frank McCourt's box was deserted by the eighth.
Jaime Garcia (2 - 0) allowed three runs--two earned--and five hits in five innings, struck out two and walked two. The left-hander had allowed only one run in his two previous starts.
Hiroki Kuroda (2 - 1) gave up a career-high-tying 10 hits and six runs--five earned--in five innings, struck out three and walked none in the Dodgers' third straight loss. His three wild pitches were a career high.
Pujols sent a 3 - 2 pitch from Kuroda into the lower left-field seats with one out in the fifth, extending the Cardinals' lead to 5 - 3. The slugger has gotten off to a slow start this season and was 7 - for - 28 on the road trip before homering.
Holliday hit a two - run double in the seventh and had an RBI single in the third a night after going hitless for the first time this season. Every position player in the Cardinals' lineup had at least one hit as they won their second in a row.
Matt Kemp had two RBIs and three hits, including a homer in the ninth, and Jamey Carroll had three hits for the Dodgers, who also scored on a passed ball by Yadier Molina in the fourth.