The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Washington Wizards, 133 - 109, at Spectrum Center on Wednesday evening. The Hornets (18 - 25) haven't exactly made their mark as an offensive juggernaut this season, but one wouldn't have known it by looking at their first - half performance. Charlotte exploded for 77 points over the first 24 minutes, leading to a 16 - point halftime lead. The focus then turned to their defense in the third quarter, as they limited the Wizards (25 - 20) to just 18 points during the period while compiling another 25 themselves. That paved the way for the surprisingly easy win, which also evened the Hornets' home record at 12 - 12 for the season. As the final score implied, it was a red - letter offensive night for the hosts, which tallied a 49 percent success rate from the field, including 48 percent from three - point range. Seven Charlotte players also hit double digits in the scoring column, and the second unit compiled 52 points with extended minutes in the runaway victory. Bradley Beal led the way for the Wizards with 26 points, a total he supplemented with three rebounds, two assists and one block. Michael Scott collected a bench - leading 18 points and added three assists, two rebounds and one steal. Kelly Oubre, Jr. posted 16 points and five boards. John Wall had a near double - double of 12 points, nine assists, two rebounds and two blocks. Jason Smith poured in 10 points and also provided three rebounds, three assists and two blocks. Otto Porter, Jr. (six points, two rebounds, two assists) and Markieff Morris (two points, five boards, one assist) had decidedly underwhelming efforts, while Marcin Gortat was held scoreless over 18 minutes but supplied eight rebounds, one assist and two steals. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist paced the Hornets with 21 points while also registering four rebounds, two assists and three steals, all over a modest 23 minutes. Kemba Walker mustered 19 points, seven assists, three rebounds and two blocks. Dwight Howard produced an 18 - point, 15 - rebound double - double that also included two assists, two steals and two blocks. Jeremy Lamb's 16 points led the reserves, and he complemented the scoring with three rebounds and one block. Frank Kaminsky was productive off the second unit as well with 14 points, two rebounds, two assists and one steal. Marvin Williams managed 12 points, three rebounds and one assist. Nicolas Batum poured in 11 points and also tallied four assists, three rebounds and one steal. The Wizards remain on the road and head to Motown for their next stop, where they'll tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night. The Hornets remain home and await a Saturday night visit from the Miami Heat.