HOUSTON--Carlos Zambrano has a new team and a new attitude, and on Monday night, he displayed the dazzling pitching that has been overshadowed in recent years by tantrums and suspensions.
Zambrano pitched a three - hitter for his first win of the season, and Giancarlo Stanton extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a two - run homer, leading the Miami Marlins to their seventh straight win with a 4 - 0 victory over the Houston Astros.
The three - time All-Star had pitched well this season after a trade from the Cubs, entering the game with a 2.53 ERA in five starts, but had yet to get a win. Zambrano said he didn't get upset in that span thanks to a life-changing, religious experience he had in Venezuela last season when he was suspended after he was ejected from a game, cleaned out his locker and talked about retiring.
Stanton's homer into the Crawford Boxes in left field put Miami up 2 - 0 in the fourth inning, and gives him six home runs and 12 RBIs during his streak. Logan Morrison walked with one out before Stanton went deep.
John Buck extended the lead to 3 - 0 when he sent the first pitch of the fifth inning into the right-field stands. Hanley Ramirez added a solo shot, which bounced off the train tracks above the left-center field wall, in the ninth inning to make it 4 - 0.
It was the first complete game and first shutout for Zambrano since a two - hit shutout against San Francisco on Sept. 25, 2009.
The Marlins didn't know what to expect when Zambrano joined the team, but he quickly made a great impression.
He's also been helped by the support of manager Ozzie Guillen and his new teammates.
Zambrano (1 - 2), whose only no-hitter came against the Astros, struck out a season-best nine and never allowed a batter past first base. He walked one and hit two batters while improving to 10 - 4 in 19 appearances at Minute Maid Park.
Guillen had an easy answer to why Zambrano was so good Monday.
Brian Bogusevic singled to left field with no outs in the ninth inning, but Miami turned its third double play of the game on a grounder by Jordan Schafer. Zambrano then struck out Jose Altuve to end it.
Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez (3 - 3) gave up a season-high four earned runs in eight - plus innings. He entered the game having won three straight and had allowed just three runs combined in those starts.
Zambrano hit Schafer on the right leg with a pitch in the sixth inning. Schafer fell to his knees writhing in pain before getting up and walking gingerly to first base while talking with Mills and a trainer. Schafer said after the game that he was sore but OK.
Altuve grounded into a double play to get Zambrano out of that inning. He sailed through the next two frames, retiring six in a row with two strikeouts, to reach the ninth.
Zambrano plunked Altuve on the left elbow with one out in the first inning. But J. D. Martinez struck out and was called for batter's interference to put Altuve out and end the inning.
Houston's first hit came when Travis Buck singled to start the third inning, but Zambrano faced the minimum in that inning thanks to a double play before a flyout by Rodriguez.