TORONTO--Eleven games into his big league career, Ronald Guzman is displaying the poise of a veteran in pressure situations.
Guzman hit a tiebreaking, two - run single in the sixth inning, and the Texas Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Friday night, winning a series opener for the first time in nine tries.
Joey Gallo homered and scored twice and Nomar Mazara had three hits and two RBI as the Rangers won back-to-back games for the second time this season. Texas, which beat Oakland 4 - 2 on Wednesday, won consecutive 10-inning games at Houston on April 14 and 15.
Guzman broke a 4 - 4 tie with a single to left off Marcus Stroman (0 - 3), driving in Gallo and Mazara.
The rookie first baseman said he's quickly learned to concentrate more on his own approach rather than concern himself with who's on the mound.
Mike Minor (2 - 1) allowed four runs on nine hits in six innings to win for the first time in three starts. Minor walked none, struck out four and retired 11 of the final 12 batters he faced.
Kevin Jepsen got two outs and Alex Claudio got one, Chris Martin worked the eighth and Keone Kela finished for his fifth save in five opportunities.
Justin Smoak had the second four - hit game of his career but was thrown out twice on the bases for the Blue Jays, who have lost six of eight.
Stroman allowed six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings, and has given up at least four earned runs in all five starts this season. His ERA rose from 8.55 to 8.88.
The Rangers jumped on Stroman with a four - run first. Mazara hit a two - run single and Gallo followed with a drive to left, his eighth.
Blue Jays manager John Gibbons isn't fretting about his ace.
Smoak hit an RBI single in the bottom of the first, but the inning ended when he was thrown out at the plate trying to score on Kevin Pillar's two - out double. Smoak was also thrown out in the third when he tried to go from first to third on Yangervis Solarte's single.
Steve Pearce hit a two - run double in the second, and Toronto tied it when Pillar tripled in the third on a broken-bat hit that bounced over Gallo's head in left.
Stroman lost his left shoe as he broke to cover first on Jurickson Profar's grounder in the third, but didn't break stride and recorded the out.