HOUSTON--When Houston manager A. J. Hinch visited Lance McCullers on the mound after he gave up a single with two outs in the ninth inning on Wednesday night against Baltimore, he hoped the rookie would say he had enough left to finish the game.
McCullers allowed one run in a complete game, Chris Carter provided the offense with a pair of homers and the Astros picked up another win, 3 - 1, over the Orioles.
Houston Astros pitcher Lance McCullers Jr. leads our nightly power rankings list.
They are off to the best start in franchise history with an American League-best 34 - 20 record.
Carter homered in the second and fifth innings, and George Springer added a solo shot in the sixth inning as the Astros improved to 21 - 0 when hitting multiple homers this season.
In his fourth career start, McCullers (2 - 0) yielded four hits and struck out a career-best 11 to lower his ERA to 1.88. McCullers hadn't lasted more than six innings entering the game. He retired 15 in a row before a single by Adam Jones with two outs in the ninth, but he struck out Chris Davis to end the game.
McCullers thought he was done after the hit by Jones.
Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez (5 - 4) struck out eight and allowed just four hits but tied a career-high with three homers, in 6⅔ innings as the Orioles dropped their fifth straight.
Carter has shaken off a tough start to the year with a season-long 11-game hitting streak to raise his batting average from.157 to.205.
After Carter's homer in the second inning, Gonzalez didn't allow another baserunner until Carter went deep again with one out in the fifth inning to put Houston up 2 - 1. This time, Carter launched a 93 mph fastball onto the train tracks atop the wall in left-center field for his 11th career multihomer game and the first since Sept. 3, 2014.
Carter has 10 homers this season after tying for second in the majors with 37 last year.
Hinch said he never thought about benching Carter during his struggles.
Carter gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead with his two - out, full-count homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field in the second inning.
Jones, who entered the game hitting.118 in five games against Houston this season, snapped a 0 - for - 12 slump with a triple, which bounced off the wall in left-center field, in the fourth inning. The Orioles tied it up when Delmon Young hit a single down the right-field line two outs in the inning.
Baltimore didn't get another hit until the single by Jones in the ninth.