WASHINGTON--When Jayson Werth signed a huge contract with the Washington Nationals last winter, the team surely expected lots of big hits and solid play in the outfield.
No one could have anticipated him to score the winning run the way he did Friday night.
Werth, who reached on a throwing error by Milwaukee Brewers' shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt in the 10th inning, kept on running to second after the ball eluded first baseman Prince Fielder, stole third without a throw and scored on an infield bouncer by Adam LaRoche.
The 4 - 3 Nationals' win was an unusual one. None of the four runs was driven home on a base hit and they won despite getting just five hits.
Their win came after Roy Halladay and Cliff Lee held them to nine hits in two complete-game losses to Philadelphia.
Werth shocked everyone by dashing to third without catcher Jonathan Lucroy throwing.
Milwaukee reliever Zach Braddock (0 - 1), might not have thought Werth was going, but manager Ron Roenicke did.
After the stolen base, the Brewers played a five - man infielder with left fielder Ryan Braun playing between first and second. LaRoche bounced to first and Fielder's throw home pulled Lucroy off the plate, and Werth scored the winning run.
Third baseman Casey McGehee wasn't holding Werth on.
Chad Gaudin (1 - 1), the Nationals' fifth pitcher, worked a scoreless 10th.
Tom Gorzelanny allowed two runs and five hits, struck out four and walked two in his second start for Washington. In his previous appearance, he gave up five earned runs in 5 1/3 innings. Gorzelanny was the beneficiary when Milwaukee's Chris Narveson allowed three walks in a three - run second inning.
Rickie Weeks had three hits--including a two - run homer for the Brewers, who had won their previous four games.
The Nationals scored three runs against Narveson in the second. LaRoche led off with a walk. Singles to Wilson Ramos and Michael Morse loaded the bases, and with one out, Narveson walked Jerry Hairston and Gorzelanny to score LaRoche and Ramos. Morse scored on Danny Espinosa's sacrifice fly.
Espinosa was elevated to the leadoff spot and Ian Desmond took his place in the seventh spot in an effort to generate more offense. Riggleman said he hoped that Desmond, who is hitless in his last 14 at-bats, would feel less pressure batting seventh.
Weeks hit a long two - run home run to the back of the left field bullpen off Gorzelanny with two outs in the fifth. It was his fourth homer of the season and made it 3 - 2.
Weeks doubled with two outs in the ninth inning off Sean Burnett, who blew his first save after converting his first three. He scored on Carlos Gomez's single to tie the score at 3.
Narveson, who hadn't allowed a run in his first 14 innings--the longest to begin a season by a Milwaukee left-handed starter--gave up four walks in his first two starts. He allowed four in 5 2/3 innings. Narveson gave up three runs and five hits and struck out five.