LOS ANGELES (AP)--Kevin Correia got his first victory in about 3½ months. It didn't come easy, even though he was staked to a seven - run lead.
The San Francisco Giants needed five relievers to close out Monday night's 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers. Brian Wilson worked a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 28th save in 30 chances, helping end the Giants' three - game losing streak.
Jose Castillo hit a pair of RBI singles and Fred Lewis also drove in two runs for the Giants, who were held hitless by the Dodgers' bullpen over the final 5 1/3 innings after RBI singles by Castillo and Randy Winn capped a five - run fourth and chased Los Angeles starter Hiroki Kuroda.
Correia (2 - 5) won for the first time since April 10 against St. Louis after going 0 - 4 with a 6.65 ERA over his previous nine starts. The right-hander allowed six runs--four earned--and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings. He struck out five, walked none and hit a two - out, two - run single during the Giants' big fourth inning.
Slumping Dodgers center fielder Andruw Jones did not start for the second straight game, even though he was 4 - for - 9 lifetime against Correia with three home runs. He hit for reliever Brian Falkenborg with runners at the corners in the sixth and delivered an RBI single against Sergio Romo to cut the Giants' lead to 7 - 6.
Manager Joe Torre has given Jones every opportunity to make good in the first year of a $36.2 million, two - year contract, but he can't afford to wait any longer for him to come around.
Jones, a five - time All-Star and 10-time Gold Glove winner, is 10 - for - 56 with six RBIs in his last 20 games after missing 38 because of an injured right knee that required arthroscopic surgery.
Jeff Kent nearly tied it in the seventh, sending a drive to center field that Aaron Rowand caught with his back against the fence.
Newly acquired Dodgers third baseman Casey Blake was ejected by first base umpire Greg Gibson for arguing from the dugout after getting called out on a checked-swing third strike in the eighth. Torre continued the argument and picked up his second ejection with the Dodgers and first since April 24.
Kuroda (5 - 8) had his worst outing of the season on Japanese Community Night at Dodger Stadium. The right-hander, who has pitched two complete-game shutouts this season, surrendered seven runs and nine hits in 3 2/3 innings.
A mental lapse by Kuroda helped the Giants score five runs in the fourth, extending their lead to 7 - 0. With runners at the corners, one out and rookie John Bowker running with the pitch, Rich Aurilia hit a dribbler back to the mound. Kuroda looked Rowand back to third, then tried to force Bowker at second with no success.
The Dodgers, coming off a three - game sweep of the lowly Washington Nationals, got a five - spot of their own in the fifth.
The rally began with a throwing error by second baseman Castillo on James Loney's grounder. Andre Ethier and Angel Berroa hit RBI singles and pinch-hitter Mark Sweeney doubled home two more. Sweeney scored when Gold Glove catcher Bengie Molina threw past to first base on a bunt single by Juan Pierre.