CHICAGO--Anthony Rizzo provided more power for the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night, and they needed every bit of it when their perfect closer nearly let an easy opportunity slip away.
Rizzo homered twice, Kyle Hendricks tossed seven strong innings and the Cubs hung on to beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 after closer Wade Davis gave up a two - run homer in the ninth inning.
Rizzo hit solo homers off Matt Moore (2 - 5) in the second and fourth innings for his 14th career multihomer game. He has four homers over his last four games and 11 on the season.
Javier Baez made it 3 - 2 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth. Miguel Montero doubled and scored in the seventh, and Jason Heyward tripled and came around on Jon Jay's sacrifice fly in the eighth after the Giants left the bases loaded.
Davis allowed only one unearned run in his first 18 appearances. But things got really tight in his 19th.
Called on to start the ninth, he gave up a leadoff single to Eduardo Nunez. With one out, Mac Williamson drove a 2 - 2 cutter to the right-field basket on the 12th pitch of the at-bat to pull San Francisco to within 5 - 4.
Davis then walked Michael Morse before second baseman Baez raced back to snag Denard Span's bloop. Davis then caught Joe Panik looking at a 3 - 2 pitch on the outside corner. That gave Davis 10 saves in 10 chances, and the Cubs improved to 6 - 2 on their nine - game homestand.
Giants manager Bruce Bochy, meanwhile, made his feelings clear about the final pitch call from plate umpire Jeff Nelson.
Span homered for San Francisco after missing two games with a sprained left thumb. But the Giants lost for the third time in four games after winning eight of 10.
Hendricks (4 - 2)--3 - 1 over his last six starts with an ERA of 1.96--gave up two runs and five hits. He struck out five and walked none over seven innings, retiring 15 of the last 16 batters he faced.
Carl Edwards Jr. relieved Koji Uehara with two outs in the eighth and walked Buster Posey on four pitches to load the bases. He then fell behind 3 - 1 to Brandon Crawford before getting him to ground out to the mound to end the threat.
Moore gave up four runs and seven hits in six - plus innings.