CHICAGO--It was another difficult day during a frustrating season for the Chicago Cubs. Only this time, it had a happy ending.
Darwin Barney had three RBIs and the Cubs used shortstop Jhonny Peralta's two throwing errors in the eighth inning to push across the winning run in a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night.
With two outs and two on, Tony Campana hit a grounder to Peralta, whose throw pulled Ramon Santiago off the bag at second. Starlin Castro then hit another grounder to Peralta and the veteran infielder threw wide of first, allowing Barney to scamper home.
Tigers reliever Phil Coke (1 - 3) was ready when reporters entered the visiting clubhouse, showing a replay of Castro's ball that showed Prince Fielder kept his foot on the base when he pulled in Peralta's second errant throw.
Carlos Marmol (1 - 2) got the last two outs of the eighth for the victory and Shawn Camp finished for his first save as the Cubs snapped a seven - game losing streak against Detroit in their first matchup since the Tigers swept a three - game series at Comerica Park from June 23 - 25, 2009.
Barney had a run-scoring groundout and a clutch two - run double, helping the Cubs build a 3 - 0 lead hours after they fired hitting coach Rudy Jaramillo. James Rowson, the organization's minor league hitting coordinator, was promoted to replace Jaramillo on an interim basis.
Longtime manager Jim Leyland and the Tigers returned to Wrigley Field for the first time since 2006 and found a receptive audience at the cozy neighborhood ballpark. There were dueling chants of "Let's go Tigers" and "Let's go Cubbies" among the crowd of 41,164, and Detroit jerseys and T-shirts were common in the stands and concourses.
Fielder also played his first game on Chicago's North Side since he signed with the Tigers over the winter. The big first baseman spent his first seven major league seasons with Milwaukee and was reunited Tuesday with Sveum, who agreed to become the Cubs' manager in November after a six - year run on the Brewers' coaching staff.
With the wind blowing in on an unseasonably cool night in Chicago, Fielder and fellow Tigers slugger Miguel Cabrera each received a Wrigley refresher course when their long fly balls in the sixth each died in the outfield. Paul Maholm grinned as he walked off the mound following Fielder's inning-ending drive, but Detroit was just warming up at the plate.
The Tigers put the first two batters on in the seventh, chasing Maholm from the game. With one out and the bases loaded, pinch hitter Ramon Santiago hit an RBI single off Casey Coleman and Austin Jackson singled in a pair to tie it at 3.
Jackson's clutch hit was his second in as many games. He also hit a tying two - run double off Aroldis Chapman in the eighth inning of Detroit's 7 - 6 victory at Cincinnati on Sunday.
Maholm allowed two runs and six hits, struck out seven and walked one. The left-hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.79 ERA in his past six starts.
Chicago began the day ranked No. 27 in the majors with a.304 on-base percentage. The Cubs also were ranked 27th with 222 runs scored and No. 19 with a.247 team batting average, leading to Jaramillo's dismissal.