LOS ANGELES--Victor Martinez helped the Detroit Tigers overcome the struggles of Joe Nathan.
The Detroit Tigers' closer blew a three - run lead in the ninth inning Wednesday night against the Dodgers.
But Martinez picked him up in a big way with a leadoff home run in the 10th against Los Angeles closer Kenley Jansen, and Detroit pulled out a 7 - 6 victory in which both pitching staffs made a combined 382 pitches during the 4 hour, 16-minute marathon.
"He was able to get inside of it and hit it out of the ballpark and come up with another clutch hit. That's what this team is capable of doing. We have some veteran guys who have good at-bats and can get the job done."
Martinez drove a 2 - 2 pitch deep into the pavilion seats in right-center to make a winner of Nathan (2 - 0).
One night earlier, Martinez tied the score with a two - out single in the ninth against Jansen before the Dodgers pulled out a 3 - 2 victory in 10.
Joba Chamberlain gave up a single to Hanley Ramirez to open the 10th. But left-hander Ian Krol struck out Adrian Gonzalez and Andre Ethier, and Al Albuquerque retired Matt Kemp on a grounder to get his first major league save.
But Gonzalez led off with a home run to center field, and the Dodgers loaded the bases with walks to Ethier and Kemp and a single by Juan Uribe.
Yasiel Puig, who wasn't in the starting lineup for the third straight game because of a strained ligament in his left thumb, batted for Tim Federowicz and struck out. Pinch-hitter Scott Van Slyke got a run home with a fielder's choice grounder before Dee Gordon singled to right field, delivering Kemp with the tying run.
Detroit's Nick Castellanos helped spoil Josh Beckett's long-awaited return with a three - run homer, his first in the big leagues.
Sanchez allowed three runs--one earned--and six hits over five innings and struck out six.
Beckett threw 85 pitches through four innings, giving up five runs--four earned--and five hits while striking out five. The three - time All-Star, who joined the Dodgers in a nine - player megadeal with Boston in August 2012, made only 15 starts with them prior to this one because of injuries that had sidelined him since his previous outing on May 13 of last season.
Beckett gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead in the second, laying down a suicide-squeeze bunt in front of the plate with Uribe charging down the line. It was Beckett's first RBI since June 14, 2009, when he homered against J. A. Happ in an interleague game at Philadelphia.
But the Tigers pulled ahead 5 - 3 in the third when Castellanos drove a pitch to center field, and the ball skimmed off the top of the eight - foot fence before landing on the other side.
Hunter did not play because of a bruised left knee, which occurred Tuesday when he tried to make a sliding catch of a foul ball by Federowicz near the short padded wall in front of the grandstand.