ST. LOUIS--Mat Latos tweaked his right hip on a swing during his first at-bat in the second inning. He never let it show on the mound.
Latos outpitched Adam Wainwright without his typical followthrough, extending his scoreless streak to 17 innings, and the Cincinnati Reds got an RBI apiece from Joey Votto and Xavier Paul in a 2 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Monday night.
"It shows you what you're capable of, going against a guy like that."
Aroldis Chapman worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in six chances, completing the third road victory in 11 games for the Reds and handing St. Louis its third straight loss.
Yadier Molina had three of the Cardinals' seven hits, including an RBI double off Jonathan Broxton that produced their first run in 17 innings. The Cardinals stranded 10 runners and went 2 for 11 with runners in scoring position after entering with a major league-leading.355 average.
The Cardinals, who hadn't lost consecutive games this season before dropping the last two against the Pirates over the weekend, have lost three in a row for the first time since Sept. 10 - 12 at San Diego.
Wainwright (4 - 2) trailed just six pitches in after Shin-Soo Choo doubled on his first offering, advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Votto's single, just the 13th RBI in 36 career games at Busch Stadium for the Reds' third-place hitter. Over his final six innings, the right-hander gave up three hits and one run on Paul's broken-bat grounder in the fourth set up by hits from Brandon Phillips and Todd Frazier.
"They've got some great hitters over there, and we lost a tough game. Not much more to say."
Wainwright walked two, one intentionally, after issuing just one in 37 1/3 innings over his first five starts.
Latos (2 - 0) allowed five hits and walked three over six innings in his sixth quality start in as many outings this season. The Reds have scored just four runs in his last three appearances.
The Cardinals had two baserunners in an inning four times against Latos. Craig, who came in 7 for 11 with runners in scoring position and two outs, failed twice in that situation with forceouts to end the third and fifth innings.