HOUSTON--The Seattle Mariners used a power display to help out their young starter--and improve their playoff chances.
Dustin Ackley hit two solo homers, and Mike Zunino and Kyle Seager each hit three - run shots in a seven - run fourth inning as Mariners cruised to a 10 - 5 win over the Houston Astros on Friday night.
Ackley homered in the third and eighth innings for his second career multihomer game for the Mariners, who moved a 1/2 game back for the second AL wild card with the victory and Royals' loss to Detroit.
Twenty-one - year-old rookie Taijuan Walker (2 - 2) yielded eight hits and two runs with seven strikeouts in 5 2/3 innings for his third career win in his return to the rotation for injured left-hander Roenis Elias. It was his first start since July 23.
Four of Walker's seven career starts have come against the Astros and each of his wins have been in Houston.
The game was tied at 1 before things fell apart for the Astros in the fourth inning. Logan Morrison reached on an error by Jonathan Villar and an error by Chris Carter allowed Michael Saunders to reach with no outs.
Zunino's homer, which bounced off the wall in left-center, came next to make it 4 - 1. Brad Peacock (4 - 9) walked two batters with one out before Robinson Cano chased him with a single for his 900th career RBI.
Peacock was replaced by Jake Buchanan, who was greeted with Seager's three - run homer which landed in the bullpen in right-center and pushed the lead to 8 - 1.
Major league hits leader Jose Altuve bounced back from Thursday's 0 for 6 night with three hits to give him 216, which are the most by a second basemen since Rod Carew had 218 in 1974. It's his 24th three - hit game this season, which sets a franchise record, and he tied Magglio Ordonez for most hits by a Venezuelan player in major league history.
Peacock allowed six hits and seven runs--two earned--with four walks in 3 1/3 innings in a game where seven of Seattle's 10 runs were unearned.
Ackley tied it at 1 with a home run in the third inning. His second homer was off Darin Downs and pushed the lead to 9 - 3 in the eighth.