NEW YORK--Put the bubbly on ice for the first clinching celebration at the new Yankee Stadium. With another dominant performance by CC Sabathia, the New York Yankees' magic number for winning the AL East is down to one.
Sabathia (19 - 7) combined on a two - hitter with Phil Hughes and Mariano Rivera to become the major leagues' first 19-game winner, Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking, opposite-field homer in the sixth against Daisuke Matsuzaka (3 - 6) that bounced off the top of the left-field fence and Johnny Damon slapped a soft, two - run single in the eighth off Billy Wagner.
Already assured of no worse than the wild card, the Yankees (99 - 56) have won eight of nine against their rival after starting the season 0 - 8 against Boston (91 - 63). They can wrap up their first division title since 2006 on Sunday when they play the Red Sox for the final time this season.
Boston's magic number for a playoff berth stayed stuck at three.
Sabathia pitched 5 2/3 hitless innings against Red Sox on Aug. 8 before Jacoby Ellsbury singled, and Sabathia threw shutout ball over 7 2/3 innings that day. This time he retired his first 11 batters before walking Victor Martinez in the fourth, and Sabathia allowed his only hit when Mike Lowell singled up the middle past second baseman Cano leading off the fifth.
Sabathia struck out eight and walked two, lowering his ERA to 3.21. He is 9 - 0 with a 2.04 ERA in his last 11 starts and has matched his career high for wins, set with Cleveland two years ago. He'll get a chance to reach 20 at Tampa Bay on Friday night.
Sabathia was pitching on six days' rest after going on five in each of his previous two starts. Last year with Milwaukee, he had just three days' rest for his last four appearances.
No shocker here: Girardi said Sabathia will start the Yankees' postseason opener.
In his third start following nearly two months on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder, Matsuzaka pitched to Martinez for the first time and allowed one run and six hits in seven innings, walked five and hit a batter.
Through five innings, the Yankees were 0 for 11 with runners in scoring position and stranded nine runners, including six on second or third. Cano homered leading off the bottom of the sixth, giving him 100 runs and 199 hits this season.
Now for Sunday, and perhaps the first clincher at the new field.