ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP)--Some players would be satisfied with a 100-RBI season. Not Travis Hafner. He's looking at 2008 as a "comeback" year.
Hafner hit a two - run homer off emergency closer Justin Speier with two outs in the ninth inning, leading the Cleveland Indians to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night.
Hafner has driven in 100 or more runs in each of the previous four seasons, including career-high 117 in 2006. Last year he hit.267, his lowest average since 2003.
"He's such a hard worker and he's an intelligent player, but he just never was able to really lock in and hold onto it for an extended period of time," Wedge added. "But to his credit, he grinded it out, never gave into the fight and still knocked in 100. I mean, you've got to be pretty good to have an off year and do that. I know he's looking to do more this year."
Speier, forced to close because of Francisco Rodriguez's sore ankle, got the last out in the eighth and retired his first two batters in the ninth before walking Asdrubal Cabrera. Hafner drove the right-hander's next pitch far over the right-field fence for his second homer, costing Speier his first save since 2004 with Toronto.
Wedge was thrilled to see his designated hitter come through in the clutch.
Hafner's homer ended the Angels' streak of victories in games in which they led after eight innings at 163. Until Tuesday, they hadn't lost under those circumstances since April 19, 2006, at Minnesota. Los Angeles extended the streak Monday on Torii Hunter's grand slam in the ninth after Rodriguez squandered a 3 - 2 lead.
Jake Westbrook (1 - 1) earned his first complete game since 2006, giving up six hits over eight innings, striking out four and walking none after losing a 2 - 1 decision to the Chicago White Sox in his season debut. The right-hander threw 64 of his 95 pitches for strikes and said his pitch count allowed him to stay in the game.
Westbrook held the Angels to just three singles through the first five innings, including bunt hits by Chone Figgins and Erick Aybar. But he fell behind 3 - 2 in the ninth on a two - run homer by Vladimir Guerrero, his first this season.
Angels starter Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits over six innings with five strikeouts and three walks.