PHOENIX (AP)--No longer armed with an intimidating fastball and crackling slider, Randy Johnson is finding new ways to win.
Mixing a sinker and split-finger fastball into his repertoire, Johnson pitched seven scoreless innings for his 288th career victory, and the Arizona Diamondbacks defeated the Detroit Tigers 4 - 0 on Sunday.
The 44-year-old Johnson (4 - 1) climbed into a tie with Tommy John for 24th on the all-time victory list.
Mark Reynolds added three hits for the Diamondbacks, who improved to a major league-best 28 - 16 and increased their lead in the NL West to 5 1/2 games over the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Johnson went a season-long seven innings to win his fourth straight decision, allowing six hits and a walk and striking out five. Melvin lifted his lefty after 98 pitches.
Johnson was the last pitcher to no-hit the Tigers; he did it on June 2, 1990, while pitching for Seattle.
Eighteen years and several operations later, the Big Unit is a different pitcher. He came into Sunday's start having allowed 36 hits, 11 walks and three hit batsmen in 31 2/3 innings.
In his last three outings, Johnson had surrendered 14 runs in 15 innings.
Johnson is learning to survive with less than overpowering stuff. On Sunday, he worked out of early trouble against the woeful Tigers, who were shut out for the seventh time.
Detroit put runners in scoring position in each of the first five innings but couldn't come up with a big hit.
In the first, Johnson gave up back-to-back singles with one out before getting Magglio Ordonez to ground into a 4 - 6 - 6 double play.
In the fourth, Johnson gave up a leadoff double to Miguel Cabrera, then struck out Marcus Thames, got Ryan Raburn on a pop to second and retired Brandon Inge on a liner to center to keep his shutout going.
Johnson rolled from there, retiring 12 of the last 13 men he faced.
The Tigers, last in the AL Central, wrapped up a 1 - 5 trip to Kansas City and Arizona. They were outscored 23 - 12 on the trip.
The Tigers went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position on Sunday, and 1 - for - 20 in the series.
Detroit starter Nate Robertson (1 - 5) retired 10 of the first 11 men he faced. In the fifth, the Diamondbacks loaded the bases with no outs. Robertson struck out Johnson but then gave up a double to Young to deep center, putting the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0.
Robertson ran out of gas with two out in the sixth. He gave up a single to Reynolds and a double to Chris Burke, and Reynolds scored on Ordonez's fielding error--his first in 180 games.
Robertson walked Miguel Montero intentionally, then walked Johnson to load the bases.
Leyland brought in Freddy Dolsi, who walked Young to make it 4 - 0.
Robertson allowed four runs on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings. He walked four and struck out five.