NEW YORK--With catcher J. T. Realmuto back in the lineup, the Miami Marlins rebounded from an ugly loss and looked much more like a major league team.
Realmuto homered and drove in four runs in his season debut after coming off the disabled list, leading Jarlin Garcia and the stripped-down Marlins to a 9 - 1 blowout of the sloppy New York Yankees on Tuesday night.
Garcia (1 - 0) gave up one hit in five shutout innings, pitching around five early walks to win for the first time as a starter. Miguel Andujar doubled with one out in the fifth against Garcia--who held the New York Mets hitless for six innings last week in his initial major league start.
One night after a 12 - 1 drubbing in the Bronx, the last-place Marlins (5 - 12) returned the favor to split the two - game series. The listless Yankees committed two costly errors in the first two innings as Miami built a 4 - 0 lead.
New York also threw a wild pitch and had a passed ball on a 44-degree night. The Yankees (8 - 8) have made an AL-high 17 errors in 16 games.
Realmuto broke open the game with a three - run homer off Masahiro Tanaka (2 - 2) in the fifth, and the Marlins set a season high for runs. The athletic backstop, sidelined by a bruised back since March 11, wanted to provide a lift in his return.
Mattingly, a former Yankees captain, pulled Garcia after 77 pitches against the Mets last Wednesday, saying it was an easy decision because the 25-year-old lefty, a rookie reliever last season, never would have been left in long enough to finish a no-hitter.
Garcia was far less efficient this time, throwing only 48 of 92 pitches for strikes while earning his second career win. But he put together a streak of 10 1/3 hitless innings against New York teams and still hasn't given up a run as a big league starter.
Four relievers finished the four - hitter. Andujar hit his first major league homer off Brad Ziegler with two outs in the ninth, spoiling the shutout.
New York went 0 for 10 with runners in scoring position.
Tanaka threw only 17 fastballs on 83 pitches and was charged with seven runs, six earned, and eight hits in five innings.