MILWAUKEE--After a tumultuous offseason, Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun has had a strong start to this one.
Braun hit two home runs Saturday to give him the National League lead with 22 and lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10 - 2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Braun, whose 50-game suspension was overturned before the season, is putting up numbers that are similar to his first half during the 2011 season when he was the NL MVP. And that has come with the free agent departure of Prince Fielder, who hit behind Braun last season.
He is hitting.313 and has 55 RBIs to go along with his league leading home runs.
As is Brewers manager Ron Roenicke, who said Braun's first home run in the third inning came off a very good pitch from Diamondbacks starter Wade Miley that was low and outside.
Roenicke was also thrilled with the start of rookie pitcher Michael Fiers (3 - 2), who pitched six shutout innings to get the win. He struggled early in the game stranding five runners in the first three innings, but retired the last 11 batters he faced and ended up with a career-high 10 strikeouts.
In all, Fiers has not given up a run in his past 19 innings.
Fiers said he had to work through some control issues in the first inning, but felt really good as the game went along.
Cody Ransom hit a three - run homer and Carlos Gomez also hit a home run as the Brewers had 13 hits and scored the most runs since May 20 when Milwaukee beat Minnesota 16 - 4.
Miley (9 - 4) lasted just 3 2/3 innings for Arizona, giving up eight runs and eight hits. Miley failed in his attempt to become the first Arizona pitcher to record 10 wins before the All-Star break since Brandon Webb (13 - 4) in 2008, and the first National League rookie to do so since 2002, when Kaz Ishii was 11 - 5 for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Diamondbacks manager Kirk Gibson said Miley missed his spot with Braun twice and paid for it.
The Brewers grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning as Corey Hart led off with a triple off the center field wall. He scored when Rickie Weeks struck out, but the ball got past Diamondbacks catcher Miguel Montero on a wild pitch.
Braun's third-inning solo home run gave the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead.
The Brewers broke the game open in the fourth inning, scoring six runs. After Hart and Weeks singled, Ransom hit his seventh home run of the season. Carlos Gomez hit an RBI triple and Braun followed with a two - run homer to give the Brewers an 8 - 0 lead and force Miley from the game.
Ransom's RBI single in the fifth inning and Gomez's fourth home run of the season in the sixth inning increased the lead to 10 - 0.
Gerardo Parra's fielder's choice in the eighth inning and Miguel Montero's eighth home run of the season in the ninth inning accounted for Arizona's runs.