SEATTLE--Felix Hernandez delivered the type of opening day performance the Seattle Mariners have come to expect--even after missing some time during spring training.
It's just a new version of Hernandez that got the job done.
Hernandez pitched shutout ball into the sixth inning, Nelson Cruz hit a two - run home run in the first and the Mariners opened the season with a 2 - 1 win over the Cleveland Indians on Thursday night.
Hernandez became just the seventh pitcher to start at least 10 straight opening days, and he got off to a strong start against one of the best teams in the American League. Hernandez allowed two hits in 5 1/3 innings, only being pulled due to a limited pitch count. His spring training was truncated after being hit by a line drive and missing some time.
He has seven opening day wins, tied with Randy Johnson, Tom Seaver and Jimmy Key for fourth most.
Following Hernandez, the Mariners used five relievers. Edwin Diaz hit two batters in the ninth and let pinch-runner Rajai Davis reach third with one out. But Diaz struck out Yan Gomes and Tyler Naquin to close out the save.
Hernandez (1 - 0) was given an early jolt from Cruz, who picked up where 2017 left off. After hitting 39 home runs last year, Cruz hit the first pitch he saw from Corey Kluber (0 - 1) over the center field fence for an early 2 - 0 lead. The 88 mph cutter stayed in the middle of the plate, and Cruz didn't miss.
That was all Seattle would get against Kluber, who pitched eight innings and allowed six hits.
Seattle has asked Hernandez not to be afraid of contact. He's no longer the strikeout pitcher of his younger years, when his fastball regularly clocked in the mid-to-upper 90s. Location and smarts are keys now.
For at least one outing, it looked like the changes are taking hold.
Hernandez allowed singles to Jason Kipnis in the third inning and Edwin Encarnacion in the fourth, but most of the contact made was weak and easy outs. He even quick-pitched Bradley Zimmer for a strikeout ending the fifth inning.
Hernandez walked Kipnis on four pitches with one out in the sixth, ending his night at 83 pitches. Dan Altavilla got Jose Ramirez to ground into a double play, and the Mariners were through the sixth without allowing a run.
Cleveland got its only run in the seventh after Lonnie Chisenhall doubled with two outs and Gomes' flair to center field dropped in front of Dee Gordon. It was the only time Seattle allowed a runner past second base.