PHOENIX--Trade rumors are swirling around Mat Latos and obviously it's not affecting his work.
Latos allowed four hits through seven innings in his third straight strong start and the Miami Marlins snapped a four - game losing streak with a 3 - 0 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night.
It may well have been the next-to-last, if not the last, time he takes the mound for Miami ahead of the July 31 trade deadline.
Michael Morse homered off Jeremy Hellickson (6 - 6) in the Diamondbacks' seventh loss in their last eight games. Adeiny Hechavarria and Christian Yelich each had an RBI single.
Latos (4 - 6) struck out seven, matching his season high for the second straight game, and walked one. The 6-foot-6 right-hander has allowed a combined three runs over his last three starts--a span of 20 innings. In his previous outing, he gave up one run and one hit in seven innings but took the loss against the Cubs in Chicago.
Jennings said he has told Latos and Dan Haren, another top trade prospect, that he will keep them in the loop.
Latos doesn't want to be surprised.
A. J. Pollock singled twice for the Diamondbacks. The other hits off Latos were a single by Paul Goldschmidt and an infield single by Yasmany Tomas.
Hellickson allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings, striking out six with no walks.
Carter Capps, hitting 100 mph on the Chase Field radar gun with his odd hop-off-the-pitching rubber delivery, threw a perfect eighth.
Arizona manager Chip Hale said Capps' delivery should not be allowed.
A. J. Ramos completed the shutout for his 15th save after blowing one Sunday in Philadelphia.
Hellickson gave up a one - out single to Martin Prado in the first, then retired the next 13 hitters before J. T. Realmuto's two - out double down the left field line in the fifth. Realmuto stole third and scored when Hechavarria singled up the middle.
Morse, entering the game with just a.208 average, led off the seventh with his fourth home run of the season, an opposite-field shot to right. The left-handed hitting Yelich singled in the third run off left-hander Andrew Chafin in the eighth.
The Diamondbacks had only two real scoring threats all night, stranding runners in scoring position both times.