ARLINGTON, Texas--At least the AL West-leading Texas Rangers won't have to face Felix Hernandez again.
While never able to solve Seattle's ace this season, the Rangers still have a 1 1/2-game division lead with 13 games to play after a 9 - 2 loss to the Mariners on Sunday.
Hernandez (18 - 9) pitched into the sixth inning to become American League's first 18-game winner, including five wins in five starts this season against Texas, and Robinson Cano drove in four runs for the Mariners.
Texas finished a 7 - 3 homestand that included a four - game sweep over Houston that boosted them over the Astros for the division lead.
Banister called the final scheduled off day Monday an opportunity "to have a mental break, not an exhale moment." The Rangers open a three - game series Tuesday in Oakland, then play three games in Houston.
Cano's 17th home run, a three - run drive in the fifth, put Seattle up 7 - 2 and chased Derek Holland (3 - 3). That came two batters after Kyle Seager's tiebreaking two - run double.
Holland allowed 12 runners in 4 1/3 innings, giving up seven runs and five walks (one intentional) while benefiting from three double plays. The left-hander has given up at least five runs in each of his last three starts.
Hernandez gave up two runs, struck out five and matched a season high with five walks in 5 2/3 innings before leaving after 105 pitches with a stiff right elbow, a move the Mariners called precautionary. He is expected to take his next turn as scheduled at the Angels next weekend, when he could match a career best with a 19th victory.
King Felix is 5 - 0 with a 1.83 ERA against Texas this year, only the fifth pitcher since 1972 to beat the Rangers five times in the same season. He is the first to accomplish the feat since Bartolo Colon was 6 - 0 for the Angels against Texas in 2004.
Franklin Gutierrez followed Cano with his 15th homer, connecting off Ross Ohlendorf.
Moreland hit his 22nd homer for Texas, a one - out solo shot to center in the second. Elvis Andrus had a bloop RBI single against a drawn-in infield after Rougned Odor's one - out triple in the fourth.