ATLANTA--Matt Wisler is trying to close out the season on a strong note after struggling at times for the Atlanta Braves.
Adonis Garcia drove in three runs, Wisler pitched five - plus innings and Atlanta beat the Washington Nationals 6 - 2 in a rain-shortened game Sunday.
The game was official with two outs in the bottom of the seventh. The two delays totaled 2 hours, 57 minutes.
Washington has dropped two straight and needs any combination of six Nationals wins and six New York Mets losses to earn its third NL East title in five years.
After a 1-hour, 7-minute delay in the top of the sixth, the Braves scored three runs in the bottom of the inning to make it 6 - 2 on Garcia's two - run single and Freddie Freeman's RBI double.
Wisler (7 - 12) allowed two runs, five hits and struck out two in 5 2/3 innings to earn the win.
He faced a limited lineup as Nationals manager Dusty Baker gave sluggers Daniel Murphy and Anthony Rendon the day off and used Ryan Zimmerman as a pinch-hitter.
Joe Ross (7 - 5), reinstated from the disabled list after missing 66 games with right shoulder inflammation, took the loss. Ross, on a pitch count, allowed one run and six hits, one run and struck out five in three innings. It was his first start since July 2.
Ross trailed 1 - 0 in the second on Jace Peterson's RBI single. He gave up three singles to begin the third, but retired the next three batters to escape the jam.
Reynaldo Lopez took over in the fourth and trailed 3 - 0 on Dansby Swanson's RBI double and Garcia's RBI single.
Washington made it 3 - 2 in the sixth. Trea Turner tripled and Jayson Werth doubled off Wisler. After the first delay ended, Bryce Harper's single off Ian Krol scored Werth.
Wisler is 3 - 3 with a 4.83 in five career starts and one relief appearance against Washington.
The Nationals went 15 - 4 against Atlanta this season and 36 - 13 in the series since June 21, 2014. They played their last game at Turner Field with the NL-worst Braves moving to a new ballpark next year.