CINCINNATI--Johnny Cueto had one last shot at finishing.500. Joey Votto and Scott Rolen got him there.
Votto homered and drove in three runs and Rolen homered as the Cincinnati Reds took advantage of Zach Duke's control problems for an 8 - 4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday night.
Cueto (11 - 11) rebounded from a rough first inning to get the win in his last start of the season. He allowed five hits and four runs with four walks and six strikeouts in six innings.
Manager Dusty Baker considered at least a.500 finish key for Cueto, who went 9 - 14 last season.
Duke (11 - 16) walked a season-high five, one short of his career high, while losing for the fifth time with just one win in his last seven starts. He gave up six hits and five runs with two strikeouts in five innings in what manager John Russell considered to be an uncharacteristic outing.
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning. Andrew McCutchen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Andy LaRoche's double into the left-field corner.
The Reds tied it in the second on Rolen's leadoff walk and Darnell McDonald's one - out double to left field. Duke walked three batters in the second to give him four in the first two innings, as many as he had in five September starts.
Rolen snapped the tie on Duke's first pitch with two outs in the third inning, hitting it 401 feet into the left-center field seats for his first home run in 51 at-bats since Sept. 9 at Colorado, and his third since being traded to the Reds by Toronto on July 31.
The Reds added to the lead in a three - run fifth. McDonald scored from third on a passed ball charged to catcher Jason Jaramillo, and Votto added a two - run double.
The Pirates' Delwyn Young hit a 388-foot shot into the right-field seats for his seventh homer in the sixth.
Cincinnati took a 7 - 4 lead in the sixth. Willy Taveras, pinch-running after Ramon Hernandez led off with a double, scored on Juan Francisco's pinch-hit double. Drew Stubbs sacrificed, and Francisco scored on Paul Janish' suicide squeeze.
Votto hit his 25th homer of the season--an opposite-field 380-foot solo shot into the left-field seats--in the eighth.