PHOENIX--The Arizona Diamondbacks and Los Angeles Dodgers limped into their big series after being embarrassed by last-place teams, neither club showing they have what it takes to assume control of the NL West.
It turned out to be the Diamondbacks, who rallied for a 9 - 3 victory that snapped a four - game slide and widened their NL West lead to 4 1/2 games over the nose-diving Dodgers.
Stephen Drew, Adam Dunn and Conor Jackson each drove in two runs, and the Diamondbacks took advantage of a pair of costly errors by Los Angeles shortstop Nomar Garciaparra to bounce back from being swept by the San Diego Padres.
Manny Ramirez had four hits for the Dodgers, who lost their eighth straight--all on a 10-game road trip that mercifully ends this weekend. Los Angeles dropped three in a row to Washington, baseball's worst team at 50 - 85, before heading to the desert.
The Diamondbacks, who are closing in on their fifth division title in 11 seasons, will send aces Dan Haren and Brandon Webb against the Dodgers in the next two games.
Down 2 - 1 in the fifth, the Diamondbacks cashed in on a throwing error by Garciaparra, scoring three times to give Davis his second victory since July 30. Garciaparra also made a fielding error that led to another run in the seventh.
Arizona and Los Angeles have been dueling for control of the NL West, and lately neither has appeared capable of winning the race.
The Dodgers had mustered 12 runs in the first seven games of their road trip. Desperate to bolster his attack, Torre put catcher Russell Martin in the leadoff spot for the first time this year and moved Ramirez up one slot, to third.
It didn't make much difference. As they have all year, the Dodgers struggled to produce with runners in scoring position.
Los Angeles loaded the bases in the first on a double by Andre Ethier and walks to Ramirez and Matt Kemp. But James Loney grounded to shortstop to end the threat.
Hiroki Kuroda (7 - 10) retired the first 10 batters before giving up a single to Chris Young, who scored the game's first run on Dunn's double to the left-field corner.
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Kemp's sacrifice fly and Loney's RBI single.
It took four batters--and a little help from Garciaparra--for the Diamondbacks to take the lead.
After Chad Tracy singled and Chris Snyder walked, Augie Ojeda bounced to Garciaparra, who fired a potential double-play ball into right field.
Tracy scored to tie it 2 - 2 as Snyder took third and Ojeda reached second.
A single by Salazar and a sacrifice fly by Drew put the Diamondbacks ahead 4 - 2.
Arizona didn't trail again.