SAN FRANCISCO--Giants manager Bruce Bochy was a little nervous about his ace pitcher. Tim Lincecum put him at ease.
Lincecum pitched seven strong innings in his return from a balky back, Eugenio Velez drove in four runs and the San Francisco Giants gained ground in the NL wild-card race with a 9 - 1 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Monday night.
Bengie Molina homered and scored three runs and Aaron Rowand drove in two for the Giants, who moved within 3 1/2 games of Colorado for the wild card. Juan Uribe and Fred Lewis also drove in runs for San Francisco.
Lincecum, who missed his previous turn with back spasms, threw 116 pitches and had only one clean inning. The 2008 NL Cy Young Award winner stranded nine runners.
Carlos Gonzalez and Yorvit Torrealba each had two hits for the Rockies, who lost their third straight.
Lincecum (14 - 5) gave up a run and six hits, lowering his NL-leading ERA to 2.30. He walked four and struck out 11 for a league-best 244. He's won his last six decisions at home and is 9 - 1 with a 1.79 ERA in San Francisco.
Jason Hammel (8 - 8) allowed four runs and seven hits over six innings. He walked one and struck out five. The Rockies have lost all four of his starts against the Giants this season despite his 3.52 ERA against them.
Molina, Uribe, Travis Ishikawa and Rowand each singled to open the second, with Rowand driving in two runs. Velez followed with a sacrifice fly.
Molina's 18th home run, a solo shot with two outs in the third, and Uribe's RBI single in the eighth made it 5 - 1.
Despite having runners in scoring position in six of seven innings against Lincecum, the Rockies managed to cross the plate once. Gonzalez tripled ahead of a wild pitch in the seventh.
The Giants added five runs in the eighth, including a bases-loaded triple by Velez. Uribe singled home a run and Rockies reliever Joel Peralta walked pinch-hitter Lewis on four pitches to force home another.
Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth for San Francisco and Bob Howry the ninth.