BALTIMORE--Chris Davis was proud to get the traditional pie in the face from teammate Adam Jones after a break-out game against the Houston Astros.
Davis hit two homers, including a go-ahead solo shot in the eighth inning, to lead the Baltimore Orioles to a 5 - 4 victory Wednesday night.
Jimmy Paredes had two hits and stole home for the Orioles, who took the three - game series after winning 4 - 3 on Monday. Steve Pearce hit his sixth home run for Baltimore.
Ubaldo Jimenez started strong for the Orioles but faded in the seventh when he allowed three of his four runs. He gave up a season-high 10 hits with five strikeouts and one walk over seven innings.
Zach Britton picked up his 12th save for Baltimore.
Evan Gattis had three hits, including his 10th homer of the season. Colby Rasmus entered the game on an 0 - for - 11 skid, but had three hits off Jimenez. Rasmus is 13 for 31 (.419) lifetime against him.
The Astros pulled within 4 - 2 in the seventh on a grounder by Preston Tucker that scored George Springer. Gattis tied the game on a two - run homer to left-center. After Brad Bach (3 - 0) pitched a perfect eighth, Davis got his first multi-homer game in more than a year with a towering shot to center off Tony Sipp (2 - 2).
Last Thursday, Sipp allowed a walk-off homer in the 11th inning to James McCann in a 6 - 5 loss to Detroit.
The start of the game was delayed 1 hour, 11 minutes because of rain.
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a one - out double by Chris Carter after Gattis and Rasmus led off the inning with consecutive singles.
The Orioles took control with four runs in the fourth off right-hander Collin McHugh. Baltimore tied it when Paredes led off with a double, took third on a bunt single by Adam Jones and then scored on a double steal. Davis hit a two - run homer to right and Pearce followed with a solo shot.
McHugh allowed four runs and a season high-tying nine hits with five strikeouts over six innings.
Brach earned both victories in the Orioles' three - game series with Houston, after pitching the sixth and seventh innings in Baltimore's win on Monday.