The Houston Rockets defeated the Detroit Pistons, 100 - 96, in overtime at Toyota Center on Thursday evening. The Rockets (58 - 14) knew they'd be tested to an extent coming in, as starting point guard Chris Paul was declared out for the contest earlier in the day with a hamstring injury. However, to an elite squad like Houston, that usually means another top - shelf player needs to step up, especially against a struggling opponent like the Pistons (32 - 40). James Harden was highly likely to fit that bill and then some, which is what made Thursday's final stat sheet all the more surprising - - the home team managed to log a win almost in spite of their MVP, as opposed to because of him. The Beard shot just 4 - for - 20 from the field and missed a potential game - winning floating jump shot at the end of regulation. His struggles extended into the extra period, as he also missed two free throws with 3 seconds remaining. However, the Rockets' four - point cushion at the time was enough to withstand the misfires. With the Western Conference pacesetters shooting an abysmal 35 percent overall, there were a plethora of rebounding opportunities for Detroit, leading to a massive 66 - 52 advantage for them on the glass. Blake Griffin led the way for the Pistons with a 21 - point, 10 - rebound, 10 - assist triple - double. Ish Smith followed with a bench - leading 18 points - - a total he supplemented with eight rebounds, three assists and one block. Andre Drummond generated a 17 - point, 20 - rebound double - double that also included one assist, one steal and one block. Luke Kennard managed 14 points, four rebounds, two assists and two steals. Reggie Bullock delivered a full line of 12 points, eight rebounds, four assists, two steals and one block. Reggie Jackson saw a 20 - minute workload, but a 2 - for - 13 effort from the field led to just four points, which he complemented with three rebounds and one steal. Eric Gordon paced the Rockets with 22 points. He added five assists, three rebounds and two steals. Harden clawed his way to 21 points on sheer volume and a 13 - for - 18 showing from the free - throw line. He also supplied eight boards, five assists, two steals and two blocks. Joe Johnson led the bench with 11 points and also tallied three rebounds and two steals. Clint Capela generated a 10 - point, 14 - rebound double - double that also included three assists. P.J. Tucker matched Capela's scoring and also hauled in eight rebounds and dished out one assist. Trevor Ariza contributed nine points, five rebounds, two assists and one steal. The Pistons head back home and take on the Bulls on Saturday night, while the Rockets remain home and tangle with the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday evening as well.