CHICAGO--The Chicago Cubs' young hitters have received virtually all the attention late this summer. But it's been the organization's pitching prospects, led by Kyle Hendricks, who have experienced instant success in the big leagues.
Hendricks, who didn't reach the majors until July, kept up his impressive rookie season, pitching seven strong innings as the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 1 Wednesday night for a sweep.
Hendricks (7 - 2) allowed one run and seven hits. He walked none, struck out four and now has a 2.28 ERA. The right-hander bounced back nicely from his last start where he allowed four runs in six innings in an 11 - 1 loss at Toronto.
The 24-year-old now has to be considered one of the team's top prospects, along with everyday players Kris Bryant, Javier Baez and Jorge Soler.
Chris Valaika, Ryan Kalish and Luis Valbuena each had a run-scoring hit as the Cubs won their third straight. They improved to 38 - 36 at Wrigley Field despite being 16 games under.500 overall.
Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances.
Daniel Corcino (0 - 1) lost in his second big league start.
The Reds have dropped four in a row overall. They scored just one run in the three - game series against the Cubs, and were held to one hit in a shutout loss Tuesday night.
The Reds, with a makeshift lineup of mostly backups and September call-ups, didn't waste any time jumping on top. Leadoff batter Kristopher Negron started the game with a double and later scored on a grounder by Yorman Rodriguez.
But that was all the Reds could manage. Their best scoring opportunity after the opening inning came in the seventh when, with two on and two out, Negron hit a liner toward the left-field wall that Chris Coghlan caught before running and jumping into the ivy.
The Cubs scored twice in the second. Soler walked and later scored on a single by Valaika. Kalish hit a double to center that appeared to score two runners, but Valaika was sent back to third when the ball was lost in the ivy for a ground-rule double.