CINCINNATI--Pittsburgh's Gerrit Cole was on his way to a second straight impressive start on Sunday in Cincinnati.
A Reds offensive burst derailed him.
Cole allowed one hit through five innings before Eugenio Suarez and Scooter Gennett hit two - run home runs in the sixth to back Robert Stephenson's impressive pitching and the Reds completed their second three - game sweep of the slumping Pirates this season with a 5 - 2 win.
Cole (11 - 11) had allowed just five hits in seven shutout innings and homered in a 1 - 0 Pittsburgh win in Cincinnati on August 26--his first career win against the Reds. He extended his string of shutout innings at smallish Great American Ball Park to 12 before the Reds pounced.
Jesse Winker's two - out, third-inning single was the Reds only hit until Suarez followed a leadoff walk to Winker in the sixth with his 26th homer of the season. After Cole walked Joey Votto, Gennett lined his 25th homer of the season into the right field seats, knocking Cole out of the game without getting an out in the inning.
Tucker Barnhart added a run-scoring triple in the sixth as the Reds sent the Pirates to their fifth straight loss and 10th in 11 games. The loss guarantees Pittsburgh's second straight losing season after three consecutive years of at least 88 wins.
The win was Cincinnati's 66th of the season, two short of matching last season's total, and they pulled within two games of fourth-place Pittsburgh in the Central Division.
The sweep was the Reds' first of the Pirates in a Cincinnati three - game series since April 6 - 9, 2015. The Reds swept a three - game series in Pittsburgh on April 10 - 12 of this season.
The Pirates, who've scored a total of nine runs in their last five games, got just one hit against Stephenson (5 - 5)--Cole's double in the third, which left runners on second and third with nobody out. Stephenson struck out John Jaso and got Jordan Luplow and Andrew McCutchen to pop up.
The rookie right-hander walked three and struck out eight.
After Deck McGuire pitched a one - hit seventh for Cincinnati, John Jaso hit a two - run homer off of Luke Farrell in the eighth to avoid a shutout.
Michael Lorenzen pitched a perfect ninth for his second save of the season.