MILWAUKEE--Aramis Ramirez is hoping one hit can turn around Milwaukee's struggling season.
Ramirez hit an RBI single with one out in the ninth inning, giving the Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Phillies on Friday night that ended Philadelphia's five - game winning streak.
The win was just Milwaukee's fourth in the last 11 games and the team is still 14 games below.500.
Jean Segura started the winning rally by beating out a grounder to short for an infield single off Jeremy Horst (0 - 2). Ryan Braun singled and Segura advanced to third base. Ramirez then lined the second pitch he saw to left field to drive in the winning run.
Ramirez said the win was more impressive because Milwaukee fought back from 4 - 0 deficit against Phillies ace Cliff Lee.
Brewers manager Ron Roenicke was pleased that he got a good outing from starting pitcher Alfredo Figaro, who started in place of the injured Marco Estrado. He went 5 1/3 innings, giving up four runs on seven hits.
Reliever Francisco Rodriguez (1 - 0) pitched a scoreless ninth inning for Milwaukee.
Roenicke also had a lot of praise for shortstop Segura, who used his speed to leg out a triple in the seventh inning and scored the tying run on an error. He also beat out an infield hit to start the ninth inning winning rally.
Segura has 19 infield hits on the season, tops in the Major Leagues.
Lee allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings for the Phillies, who fell back to.500. Lee struck out eight. Lee gave up at least one hit in six of the seven innings he pitched.
Lee said he felt good on the mound, despite giving up the high number of hits.
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said he felt very confident with a 4 - 0 lead and Lee on the mound.
Philadelphia grabbed a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning. John Mayberry Jr. doubled to left field and scored on a single by Jimmy Rollins.
The Phillies added three more runs in the fourth inning. Hot hitting Dominic Brown doubled to the right field corner and scored on a single by Delmon Young. Erik Kratz then lined his eighth home run of the season to make the score 4 - 0.
Milwaukee finally got to Lee in the fourth inning, scoring two runs. Yuniesky Betancout's RBI double that Brown got his glove on but could not hold on to scored the first run. Figaro knocked in the second run with a groundout.
The Brewers tied it 4-all in the seventh inning. Norichika Aoki led off the inning with a walk. He scored when Segura lined a triple into the right field corner. Segura scored when Freddy Galvis' relay throw got away from Kratz.