BALTIMORE--After the Baltimore Orioles struck early against R. A. Dickey, the Toronto Blue Jays spent the rest of the night trying to overcome the deficit.
Once the game reached the eighth inning, Toronto's chances of completing the comeback were all but gone.
Manny Machado had two hits and two RBIs, and Baltimore squeezed out a 4 - 3 victory Tuesday night with significant help from its trusty bullpen.
It was the 100th consecutive game the Orioles have won when leading after seven innings, a streak that began in August 2011.
Miguel Gonzalez (2 - 1) allowed three runs in six innings for the Orioles, who have won nine of 13. By taking the first two games of the three - game set, Baltimore improved to 5 - 2 in seven series this season--including 4 - 1 against the AL East.
Edwin Encarnacion hit a three - run homer for the last-place Blue Jays, who have dropped six of eight. Dickey yielded four runs in the second inning, and Toronto never got out of the hole.
Dickey (2 - 3) gave up four runs, six hits and five walks in six innings. The knuckleballer, who left his previous start with neck and back pain, did not appear to be in discomfort on the mound. But he sure looked uncomfortable during the four - run second.
Dickey was outdone by Gonzalez, who allowed five hits and three walks. The Orioles right-hander blanked Toronto on three hits through five innings before staggering through the sixth.
In the eighth, after the Blue Jays put runners at the corners with two outs against Pedro Strop, Melky Cabrera looked at a third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch.
Baltimore did all its scoring while batting around in the second. Adam Jones led off with a single, Chris Davis singled and Matt Wieters punched an opposite-field RBI single to left. After Nolan Reimold added a sacrifice fly, the Orioles loaded the bases with two outs for Machado, who singled in two runs.
Toronto put runners at first and third with one out in the third before Munenori Kawasaki bounced into a double play. Baltimore also turned a double play in the fourth.
Gonzalez was cruising until the sixth, when he got the first two outs before walking Adam Lind and Jose Bautista. That brought a visit to the mound by pitching coach Rick Adair, and Encarnacion drove Gonzalez's next pitch over the left-field wall. Cabrera followed with a triple, but Gonzalez escaped further damage by getting Brett Lawrie to hit a fly ball.