ARLINGTON, Texas--Sure, R. A. Dickey was disappointed when he saw Blue Jays manager John Gibbons walking toward the mound.
The 40-year-old knuckleballer had a six - run lead and was one out shy of qualifying for a win in his first postseason start.
Dickey also knew he was handing the ball off to a fellow Cy Young winner, and Toronto went on to beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Monday to force a deciding Game 5 at home in the AL Division Series.
Despite a big lead and a good start from R. A. Dickey, the Blue Jays surprised many by going to ace David Price to nail down a Game 4 win and send their ALDS back to Toronto.
The Toronto Blue Jays force a deciding Game 5 of their ALDS series with the Texas Rangers after losing the first two games.
Derek Holland gave up six runs over two innings in a Game 4 loss to the Blue Jays. Can Game 5 starter Cole Hamels right the ship for Texas?
Toronto led 3 - 0 even before Dickey threw his first pitch, with Josh Donaldson and Chris Colabello homering in the first inning.
The Blue Jays made it three homers in the first eight batters against Derek Holland when Kevin Pillar connected in the second for a 4 - 0 lead. Pillar's drive was caught by Price, who was playing catch in the bullpen with Marcus Stroman.
Game 5 is Wednesday. Cole Hamels starts for the Rangers against Stroman in a rematch from Game 2, which Texas won in 14 innings.
After losing the first two games in the series at home, the Blue Jays won both games in Texas in a span of 24 hours.
Dickey, the 2012 NL Cy Young winner when he won 20 games for the New York Mets, allowed one run over 4 2/3 innings and was pulled with a 7 - 1 lead, with a runner on base. Shin-Soo Choo, already with two hits, was coming to the plate.
Price needed only one pitch to retire Choo to end the fifth, and went three innings to get the win after losing in the series opener.
Only two teams in MLB history have lost a best-of-five series after winning the first two games on the road--Oakland against the New York Yankees in 2001, and Cincinnati to San Francisco in 2012.
On the way to their first World Series in 2010, the Rangers won the first two games of the ALDS at Tampa Bay, then lost Games 3 and 4 at home before winning the deciding fifth game against the Rays on the road.
The Blue Jays, in the playoffs for the first time since their 1993 World Series championship, have won nine of their last 10 postseason road games. Texas dropped to 1 - 9 in division series games at home.
Dickey gave up five hits with three strikeouts and no walks. The Rangers got three runs off Price, who was gone after a two - out RBI single by Andrus in the eighth that made it 8 - 4.
Price won his Cy Young with Tampa Bay, was traded to Detroit midway through the 2014 season and acquired by the Blue Jays on July 30. The lefty allowed five runs and five hits over seven innings in Game 1 on Thursday, when he dropped to 0 - 6 in six playoff starts. His only other postseason victory was also in relief.
Adrian Beltre, who hadn't played since exiting early from the series opener because of lower back stiffness, was a late addition to the Rangers' starting lineup.
Beltre had two singles and a deep flyout, but the 36-year-old third baseman clearly was still having issues with his back he hurt sliding into second base Thursday. He moved gingerly going to first base after both hits, and did the same when advancing to second base on a wild pitch that allowed Choo to score in the third inning.