CINCINNATI--Jay Bruce's timing was perfect.
Bruce hit a go-ahead single as a pinch-hitter in his return from the disabled list and Brandon Phillips homered to help the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 3 - 1 on Monday night.
Making his first appearance in more than two months, Bruce bounced a two - run single through the right side to give Cincinnati a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh inning.
The bases-loaded grounder barely eluded first baseman Lance Berkman and second baseman Kazuo Matsui, making a winner of Bronson Arroyo.
Bruce broke his wrist making a diving catch against the New York Mets on July 11. After his big hit Monday, he stayed in the game and made a sliding catch of Miguel Tejada's liner leading off the ninth.
Arroyo (13 - 12) allowed six hits and one run with no walks and six strikeouts in seven innings. He also hit a batter with a pitch.
Arroyo is 5 - 4 with a 2.11 ERA over his last 13 starts. Baker was glad to see his right-hander get rewarded for pitching well.
Arthur Rhodes and Nick Masset teamed up to pitch a scoreless eighth inning. Francisco Cordero worked the ninth for his 35th save, one more than he totaled last season, his first with the Reds.
Phillips added an insurance run with a one - out solo homer off Jeff Fulchino in the eighth, his 20th of the season and first in 46 at-bats since Sept. 2 against Pittsburgh.
Houston left-hander Wandy Rodriguez was almost as effective as Arroyo. Rodriguez (13 - 10) gave up just five hits and two runs with two walks and eight strikeouts while pitching into the seventh inning.
Rodriguez scattered four hits and allowed one runner past second base before the Reds broke through in the seventh. Scott Rolen led off with a walk and Jonny Gomes doubled into the left-field corner. That's when Astros manager Cecil Cooper decided to bring in a reliever.
Rodriguez wanted the chance to pitch out of the jam.
Sammy Gervacio was brought in with Gomes on second and Rolen on third. The right-hander struck out pinch-hitter Juan Francisco before intentionally walking pinch-hitter Kevin Barker. Bruce was sent up to bat for Arroyo. Houston brought in left-hander Wesley Wright, who gave up Bruce's go-ahead hit.
Arroyo had retired seven consecutive batters and 12 of 13 when Berkman grounded a broken-bat single through the hole into left field with two outs in the sixth. Carlos Lee followed by lining a double up the gap to the right-center wall, with Berkman scoring all the way from first base.
Back in the dugout, Astros pitcher Bud Norris fanned Berkman with a towel.
Tejada lined a single to center, too sharply for Lee to score from second, and after Cincinnati pitching coach Dick Pole visited Arroyo on the mound, Hunter Pence flied out to Drew Stubbs one step in front of the center-field fence.