MINNEAPOLIS (AP)--Adam Jones hopes things are falling into place for him.
A day after a costly slip in center field, Jones hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning that sent the Baltimore Orioles over the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Thursday.
With the score 2-all, Jones led off the seventh by hitting a hanging slider from reliever Brian Bass (2 - 2) into the left-field seats, his 10th of the year.
Acquired as the top prospect in the offseason trade that sent All-Star pitcher Erik Bedard to Seattle, Jones delivered his second key hit of the week. In Monday's win over Boston, Jones hit a three - run double to break an eighth-inning tie.
On Wednesday night, Jones went 0 - for - 4 and fell while catching Joe Mauer's sacrifice fly, letting two runs score in a 7 - 5 loss.
Garrett Olson (5 - 1) pitched 6 1/3 innings, giving up two runs on eight hits. He didn't make the team in camp but is 2 - 0 with a 1.96 ERA in his last three starts.
Olson came into the game averaging more than seven strikeouts per nine innings but struck out just one, saying he didn't have his best stuff.
George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 22 attempts, working around Nick Punto's one - out double.
Twins starter Scott Baker, making his first start in over a month, came off the disabled list and gave up two runs and five hits in five innings of work.
Baker strained his right groin on May 3, putting him on the 15-day DL for the first time in his career.
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire said before the game that Baker would be allowed to throw 85 to 90 pitches. He had 81 pitches after four innings but was allowed to complete the fifth and finished with 99 pitches.
The Twins made it 2-all in the fifth on an RBI single from Alexi Casilla. Recently called up because of injuries in the infield, Casilla had three hits but also grounded into a double play with two runners on to end the seventh.
The Twins stranded runners in the seventh, eighth and ninth innings, including runners in scoring position in the final two.
In the eighth, the Twins put two on against reliever Jim Johnson. Mauer, 7 - for - 15 with two home runs in his last four games, entered as a pinch-hitter and grounded out to end the inning.