CHICAGO--Vicente Padilla keeps everyone thinking, even his own manager sometimes.
Hank Blalock homered twice, Padilla allowed one hit in seven innings and the Texas Rangers ended Bartolo Colon's dominance against them with a 7 - 1 win over the Chicago White Sox on Sunday.
Padilla (2 - 2) pitched around four walks in his second consecutive impressive outing. In his previous start against Seattle, the right-hander yielded only one hit and an unearned run in eight innings. He became the first Rangers starter to give up one hit or less in back-to-back starts.
Chris Davis also homered and added an RBI double for the Rangers, who hope to get Michael Young and Josh Hamilton back Tuesday when they start a three - game series against the Mariners.
Hamilton is eligible to come off the disabled list Tuesday. Young missed his second consecutive game with back stiffness. With Hamilton out, the Rangers have won nine of 13.
The Rangers finally touched up Colon, who had won 12 straight starts against them since Aug. 21, 2003, with a 2.50 ERA. It was the longest active winning streak against one opponent in the majors.
Davis' leadoff homer in the fifth started a four - run inning. With runners on first and second and one out, Omar Vizquel hit an RBI double down the right-field line. Colon's day ended when he allowed a two - out walk with the bases loaded to Marlon Byrd.
Clayton Richard, scheduled to start against Cleveland on Wednesday, relieved and gave up an RBI infield single to David Murphy that gave the Rangers a 5 - 1 lead.
Colon (2 - 3) said after the game he had no idea about his streak against Texas. He allowed five runs and five hits over 4 2/3 innings, with four strikeouts and three walks.
Blalock led off the second inning with a homer and tagged reliever D. J. Carrasco with a solo shot in the seventh, his ninth of the season. It was Blalock's seventh career multihomer game and first since April 11, 2006.
Davis added an RBI double off Lance Broadway in the eighth.
Jermaine Dye scored the only White Sox run in the second inning on Padilla's wild pitch. Chicago has been outscored 112 - 35 in its 16 losses this season.