BALTIMORE--After a wild first inning, it appeared as if the Toronto Blue Jays and Baltimore Orioles finally found their offensive mojo.
The Blue Jays never added to their early outburst, and Baltimore waited until the latter stages before rallying for a 3 - 2 victory Thursday night.
The Orioles went unconventional--no homers for a second straight night--to beat Toronto 3 - 2 and win their first series vs. the AL East champs
Manny Machado drove in two runs, including the tiebreaker in the eighth inning. Rookie Joey Rickard had three hits and scored the decisive run for the Orioles, who left 13 on base and going 3 for 14 with runners in scoring position.
The Blue Jays can relate. The defending AL East champions got all their runs and half their four hits in the first inning before going flat.
Orioles starter Chris Tillman needed 38 pitches to get through the first. He gave up an RBI double to Josh Donaldson and walked Justin Smoak with the bases loaded to fall behind 2 - 0.
In the bottom half, Machado extended his hitting streak to 14 games--matching his career high--with a run-scoring single. Toronto's Marco Estrada avoided further damage by working out of a bases-loaded, no-out situation.
The score remained 2 - 1 until the seventh. After a walk, a hit batter and a single loaded the bases against Pat Venditte, J. J. Hardy tied it with a sacrifice fly off Brett Cecil (0 - 3).
In the eighth, Rickard singled off Brett Cecil (0 - 3) with one out and moved up on a passed ball by Russell Martin. Machado then hit an opposite-field fly to right that dropped between two fielders, scoring Rickard with an unearned run.
Darren O'Day (1 - 0) got three straight outs in the eighth and Zach Britton worked the ninth for his fourth save.
Home plate umpire Dan Bellino received hard stares after a few of his third-strike calls. Orioles catcher Matt Wieters evidently got a bit too vocal in the fifth inning after his check swing was ruled to be strike three. Bellino ejected Wieters, a ruling that brought manager Buck Showalter from the dugout for a lengthy argument.
Estrada struck out nine over five innings. The right-hander allowed one run, six hits and four walks.
Tillman gave up two runs and four hits in six innings, walking three and striking out four.