WASHINGTON--Washington Nationals starter Stephen Strasburg had two outs and two strikes on Florida Marlins slugger Mike Stanton in the first inning Saturday night--and he went right at him.
Strasburg fired a high 99-mph fastball past Stanton for the strikeout, showing he can still dominate hitters with his power.
But his manager was even happier to see Strasburg get through six innings with three strikeouts, his lowest total in 15 career starts.
"I know the fans love it. As a manager, I don't like to see it because he elevates and adds to it. I'd rather just move it inside and do about the same speed. But I'm sure he's got something else in mind."
Long after Strasburg left, Donnie Murphy's two - run home run in the 13th inning helped give the Marlins a 4 - 1 win over the Nationals.
John Buck led off the 13th with a single and Murphy hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Collin Balester (1 - 4) into the visitors' bullpen in left-center field for his first homer this year.
Stanton doubled in Omar Infante later in the inning to give the Marlins a three - run cushion. Clay Hensley (5 - 6) struck out the side in the 12th inning for the win, and Leo Nunez pitched the 13th for his 36th save.
The loss mattered less to the Nationals than seeing their star right-hander come back strong after a rough outing.
Strasburg allowed one run and four hits over six innings in his third start after Tommy John surgery and was much more efficient than his last start Sept. 11, when he threw 57 pitches in three innings. Against the Marlins, he needed just 61 pitches for an outing twice as long.
Strasburg's control has been even more impressive than his power after returning from the surgery. Strasburg has yet to walk a batter in 14 innings this year.
Before the game, Johnson said he'd likely let Strasburg throw around 70 pitches. However, when the seventh inning started, Johnson sent out reliever Henry Rodriguez rather than let Strasburg continue.
Florida starter Chris Volstad also left with a no-decision despite a strong performance. Volstad allowed one run and six hits in seven innings, walking two and striking out three. Volstad has gone nine starts without earning a win.
Volstad also got the biggest hit of the night off Strasburg, a leadoff double in the third. Volstad later scored on Infante's sacrifice fly.
Wilson Ramos hit his 13th homer in the fifth inning for the Nationals, who have lost the first two games of the three - game series.
After Ramos' homer tied the game at 1, a combination of strong bullpens and missed opportunities kept the teams playing until the 13th inning.
Murphy entered the game in the 10th inning as part of a double-switch in which left fielder Logan Morrison left the game. Morrison injured his right knee after sliding into the wall while making a catch in foul territory to end the ninth. Marlins manager Jack McKeon said Morrison would not play Sunday.
Balester pitched the final three innings and didn't allow a hit until the 13th.