SAN DIEGO (AP)--Russell Martin and Matt Kemp made sure the Los Angeles Dodgers did not waste the gifts they were handed.
Martin and Kemp drove in two runs apiece in a four - run seventh inning, and the Dodgers took advantage of shoddy outfield play in the inning to defeat the San Diego Padres 7 - 2 on Tuesday night.
The Padres, the top fielding club in the majors, had two outfield gaffes--Brian Giles and Justin Huber each lost a ball in the lights--after getting four outstanding defensive plays earlier in the game.
Los Angeles didn't waste the opportunity and deprived San Diego's Greg Maddux of his 351st victory for the sixth straight start. It also snapped the Padres' season-high five - game winning streak.
Martin's single scored the tying and go-ahead runs and Kemp brought home two runs on an infield single as the Padres gave Los Angeles two extra outs in the seventh. The Dodgers won for the sixth time in 18 games.
In a span of three batters, Giles and Huber each lost a ball in the lights that allowed Los Angeles to extend the inning.
Maddux was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth with the Padres ahead 2 - 1. Brian Corey took over and that's when the game fell apart for San Diego.
Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young's one - out line drive to right field hit Giles in the chest as he slid to make the catch. Young ended up on second with a double. Juan Pierre then hit a routine fly ball to left field off Justin Hampson that Huber never saw as it bounced behind him.
Hampson then walked Andre Ethier to load the bases. After Cla Meredith came in, he got Jeff Kent to ground to third baseman Kevin Kouzmanoff, who threw home to force out Young.
Heath Bell replaced Meredith and Martin hit a grounder into right field to score two runs. Martin went to second on the throw home as the Dodgers went ahead 3 - 2.
Bell was upset that he threw the wrong pitch after catcher Michael Barrett called for a curve.
Bell intentionally walked James Loney to load the bases. Kemp then hit a slow roller behind second base and shortstop Khalil Greene took the ball on the run, but his throw was too late to get Kemp. Kent scored from third and Martin continued running from second and beat the throw home from first baseman Adrian Gonzalez with a one - handed slid past Barrett.
Martin finished with three hits and Kemp added another RBI on a bases-loaded grounder in the ninth.
Scott Proctor (1 - 0) got the win despite throwing a wild pitch that allowed a run to score and give San Diego a 2 - 1 lead. Proctor also made a fielding error while getting two outs in the sixth.
Hampson (0 - 1), who did not retire either batter he faced, took the loss.
Maddux outpitched rookie lefty Clayton Kershaw, who made his fourth career start. Maddux, 42, was winning 18 games in his second full season in the majors when Kershaw, 20, was born in 1988.
The matchup between Maddux and Kershaw, looking for his first major league win, represented the largest gap in career wins between two starters since Aug. 25, 1965, when San Francisco's Warren Spahn (361 wins) faced the Mets' Darrell Sutherland (one).
Maddux not only held the Dodgers to one run on six hits, but he made three nice defensive plays. The biggest came when Maddux, a 17-time Gold Glove winner, reached out to stab Kemp's line drive in the fourth and he doubled Loney off first base.
Since beating Colorado on May 10 for his 350th career win, Maddux has gone 0 - 1 with five no decisions. He tied his season high with three walks and struck out one.
Kershaw allowed two runs on six hits over 5 1/3 innings. The left-hander walked four and struck out four.