ST. LOUIS--An hour-long rain delay was just what Jaime Garcia needed to refocus.
The St. Louis Cardinals knocked out Bronson Arroyo in the fifth inning and their rookie left-hander overcame a shaky start in a 12 - 4 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday, forging a first-place tie in the NL Central.
Albert Pujols extended his streak of reaching base to nine straight plate appearances with two intentional walks and a single his first three at-bats. He finally made an out in the fifth inning, hitting into a double play. Pujols added an RBI single in a five - run sixth, one day after hitting three homers at Chicago.
Matt Holliday's two - run double in the fourth was the go-ahead hit. He's 9 - for - 18 the last five games.
Arroyo (5 - 3) had been 5 - 0 with a 2.66 ERA in his previous six outings.
Jonny Gomes' two - run single in the first ended a run of 19 scoreless innings at home to start the season by Garcia, a 23-year-old left-hander who began the year as the lone rookie in the rotation but is now one of three due to injuries. Garcia (5 - 2) benefited from an offense that mustered only six runs in his previous four starts. The Cardinals had a season-high for runs and hits (16) while improving to 16 - 8 at home.
Arroyo coughed up a 3 - 1 lead and failed to last six innings for only the second time. He threw a complete game to beat the Cardinals on May 16 in Cincinnati but didn't blame the delay after giving up season highs for walks (five) and hits (10).
Arroyo retired the first two hitters in the fourth before walking Garcia, and the next four Cardinals reached base in a three - run rally for a 4 - 3 lead. Felipe Lopez' two - run double in the fifth made it 7 - 3 and chased Arroyo.
The Reds had won four of their previous five and were in first place alone for five straight days, a season high. Cincinnati starters had been 10 - 0 with a 2.55 in the previous 16 games, the longest winning streak for the staff since 1985.
Garcia allowed only an unearned run on four hits the next five innings and singled twice, walked and scored twice, doubling his season hit total after a 2 - for - 18 start. Garcia is 2 - 0 in his last four starts, both wins over the Reds, and leads NL rookies in victories and strikeouts (51) while holding left-handed hitters to a.103 average (4 - for - 39).