BALTIMORE--There's no telling how long the Baltimore Orioles will have Manny Machado on their side, so they're going to enjoy it while they can.
Machado hit two home runs, Jonathan Schoop singled in the winning run with two outs in the ninth inning, and Baltimore rallied past the New York Yankees 6 - 5 Tuesday night.
With his contract due to expire after this season and the Orioles seemingly unwilling to pony up the money to keep him in Baltimore, Machado appears destined to be shipped to another team before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline.
Especially Schoop, who considers Machado his closest friend on the team.
Machado had a solo shot in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh, giving him 23 for the season. He's the AL All-Star starter at shortstop, and playing like it.
Greg Bird homered and drove in four runs for the Yankees, who dropped 3 1/2 games behind first-place Boston in the AL East.
After Machado brought the Orioles back from deficits of 3 - 2 and 5 - 3, Schoop won it in the ninth against Dellin Betances (1 - 3).
A hit batter, a double by Adam Jones and an intentional walk to Machado loaded the bases with one out. After Mark Trumbo struck out, Schoop hit a bouncer that glanced off the glove of Bird at first base and into right field.
Zach Britton (1 - 0) worked the ninth for Baltimore.
New York is an inexplicable 4 - 5 against the Orioles and 55 - 26 against everyone else.
Orioles starter Andrew Cashner gave up five runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings. He has gone eight straight starts without a victory.
After retiring the first 13 Yankees in order, Cashner gave up a single, issued a walk and yielded a home run to Bird.
Machado homered on the first pitch in the bottom half to tie it at 3.
The pattern continued in the seventh. After Bird hit a sacrifice fly and Neil Walker singled in a run, Machado made it 5-all with an opposite-field drive to right off Green.
Machado has five multihomer games this season and 19 for his career.
Coming off the disabled list after being sidelined for a month with two sore hamstrings, Yankees starter Masahiro Tanaka allowed three runs in 4 1/3 innings. He was pulled, as planned, after throwing 80 pitches.