MILWAUKEE--Homer Bailey didn't let the Milwaukee Brewers' earlier success bother him one bit.
Bailey allowed one run and three hits in eight innings, and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Brewers 9 - 1 on Sunday.
Bailey (8 - 10) won his third straight decision by beating a team that has given him trouble in the past. He improved his career mark against Milwaukee to 2 - 7 in 14 starts with his first win in three starts against the Brewers this season.
He did more than a little bit against the Brewers, thanks to good fastball location and a tough curveball.
Gennett's double in the second, and Khris Davis' solo shot in the fifth and infield single in the seventh were the only hits for the Brewers.
Bailey walked one and struck out eight, including Juan Francisco three times.
Bailey had been 0 - 3 in five career starts in Milwaukee.
The Reds, who lost 2 - 0 on Saturday night, batted around in the second inning as an erratic Wily Peralta (8 - 13) allowed five runs. Cincinnati sent 10 men to the plate in the fifth and tacked on four more runs.
The victory sent the Reds back to Cincinnati with a successful seven - game road trip. They swept a three - game series with the Chicago Cubs before heading to Milwaukee.
Peralta gave up singles to the first four batters, capped by Ryan Hanigan's two - run hit. A walk to Shin-Soo Choo loaded the bases for Joey Votto, and a passed ball added another run.
The Brewers walked Votto intentionally and set up Peralta to face Brandon Phillips, who was 1 - 12 against the right-hander. Phillips' two - run single foiled the move and gave Bailey a 5 - 0 lead in the second.
Peralta settled down for the next two innings, but walked Phillips to start the fifth. He advanced on a wild pitch and took third on a fly ball to the warning track in right. Chris Heisey ended Peralta's 26th start of the season with a run-scoring single.
Peralta seemed puzzled trying to explain his inconsistency.
Tyler Thornburg took over, but struggled just as much as Peralta. The Reds batted around for the second time and capitalized on Thornburg's wildness. He issued four walks, including two with the bases loaded, and allowed a run-scoring single to Hanigan, who had two hits and three RBIs.
Alfredo Simon pitched the ninth for the Reds.
Bailey struggled a bit after throwing his second-career no-hitter with a 3 - 0 win over the San Francisco Giants on July 2. He lost the next four starts, but turned it around with two consecutive wins.
Peralta was totally unlike the last time he faced the Reds at Miller Park. In what might have been the best start of his first full season in the majors, he threw a three - hitter on July 9 in Milwaukee's 2 - 0 win.
But he allowed seven runs and eight hits, walked four and struck out four over 4 1/3 innings on Sunday. He slipped to 1/3 in four starts this season against the Reds.