NEW YORK--Throwing three pitches for strikes on a rainy night at Citi Field, Wandy Rodriguez was too much to handle for the punchless New York Mets.
The little lefty found his form Tuesday after three up-and-down starts, pitching seven sharp innings to lead the Houston Astros to a 6 - 1 victory.
Michael Bourn and Carlos Lee sparked the offense as Houston won for the fifth time in nine games following a 1 - 7 start. The Astros have alternated wins and losses over those nine games.
Carlos Beltran homered for the Mets, who have dropped 11 of 13. They snapped a seven - game skid Sunday in Atlanta but followed it up with a sluggish effort in all facets of the game.
Jonathon Niese (0 - 3) walked five and threw 113 pitches in six innings as New York fell to 1 - 7 at Citi Field, losing its past six home games. In a matchup of the NL's two worst teams so far, it was the Mets who looked like more of a mess.
The frustration showed, too. David Wright fired his helmet toward the dugout after a first-inning flyout that would have been a home run in nearly every other ballpark. Collins argued a late call at second base.
Featuring a deceptive curveball, Rodriguez (1 - 2) allowed only three hits and three walks, striking out a season-high seven. After signing a $34 million, three - year contract in January, he entered with a 7.31 ERA, allowing 26 hits over 16 innings in his first three starts.
Fernando Abad and Jeff Fulchino finished the four - hitter.
Bourn opened the game with a single and moved to second on Angel Sanchez's sacrifice. Bourn then stole third and scored on Lee's single.
Lee also singled in the third and was shaken up on the bases.
Chris Johnson hit a grounder toward the hole and new Mets second baseman Justin Turner tried for a force play. His wild, off-balance throw went past second, so Lee took off for third. But Wright scooped up the ball and beat Lee in a race to third, diving to tag the slugger on a bang-bang play at the bag.
Lee was called out and stayed down for a moment before walking back to the dugout holding his arm. He hyperextended his left elbow on the slide as he collided with Wright, but Lee remained in the game until he was replaced in left field by Jason Bourgeois with a 6 - 1 lead in the eighth.
Brett Wallace singled to start the fourth and scored on a double by Towles, just back from a sprained left ankle. The eighth batter in the lineup, he finished 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks to lift his average to.429.
Sanchez drew a walk from Pedro Beato in the seventh and scored when left fielder Scott Hairston couldn't catch Lee's deep drive with two outs. The ball glanced off Hairston's glove just before his back slammed into the high fence and he was charged with an error.
Beltran connected leading off the seventh to cut it to 3 - 1. All three of his homers this season have been hit right-handed at home. He has three home runs among his seven career hits against Rodriguez.
The Mets put two on with two outs but Rodriguez struck out pinch-hitter Chin-lung Hu with his 118th and final pitch.
Houston tacked on three runs against New York's struggling bullpen in the eighth. Bobby Parnell was booed off the mound after balking in a run and allowing a two - run single to Sanchez.
Parnell said he's lacked feeling lately in the middle finger on his pitching hand.