CINCINNATI--The first time Adam Rosales got a chance to break open the game, he fouled out. That's how it's been going lately for the lanky rookie, who has struggled to get a hit.
Given another chance to drive in a run in the eighth inning, he broke the tie and his 0 - for - 14 slump. Rosales' double led the Cincinnati Reds to a 3 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the renewal of their intrastate rivalry Friday night.
No one appreciated it more than Rosales, a rookie who failed with the bases loaded in an earlier at-bat.
Jonny Gomes, called up from the minors before the game, doubled on the first pitch he got from left-hander Aaron Laffey (3 - 1) as a pinch hitter leading off the eighth. One out later, Rosales put the Reds ahead with his double, emphatically smacking his hands together seven times when he reached second base.
Something bad seems to keep happening for the Indians, who have yet to win three games in a row this season. On Friday, they saw two pitchers leave with injuries.
Starter Anthony Reyes had the wildest performance of his career, walking a career-high six batters and hitting another during only three innings. He then left with an inflamed pitching elbow. The Reds' lackluster offense managed only one run off Reyes, on Brandon Phillips' sacrifice fly.
Laffey felt muscles tighten in his lower right side on the pitch that Rosales hit for the tiebreaking double. On his next pitch, he knew something was wrong and left the game.
Bronson Arroyo (6 - 3) gave up five hits in eight innings and was helped by three double plays. Grady Sizemore had two of the hits off Arroyo, including a homer in the first inning. Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 11th save in as many chances.
The Ohio Cup--a trophy topped by a silver bowl--was displayed on a table along the first baseline before the game. The Reds took last year's intrastate series 4 - 1 and got to hold onto the keepsake.
The series matching teams from opposite ends of the state was a big hit when it started in 1997, back when thousands of Cleveland fans would make the four - hour drive down Interstate 71 to watch the Indians play.
Lately, it has lost some luster. The Indians have the worst winning percentage in the American League at 16 - 27. The Reds have had eight straight losing seasons. The series opener, along with postgame fireworks, drew 28,019.
Sizemore got it started with a solo homer in the first. The center fielder was dropped to second in the batting order this week because of his slump--he came in batting.213--and was only 3 for 24 in his last seven games.