SEATTLE--Chris Davis didn't want to finish describing his first two at-bats against Felix Hernandez.
He looked just fine in his third time up against Seattle's ace.
Davis hit a tiebreaking two - run homer off Hernandez in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 5 on Monday night.
Davis' drive gave Texas a 6 - 4 lead and sent Kevin Millwood to his first win over Seattle in his last six starts. Michael Young also hit a two - run drive off Hernandez as the Rangers increased their major league-leading home run total to 46.
Millwood (3 - 2), who retired the first 12 batters he faced, allowed five runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings. He has pitched at least seven innings in each of his six starts this year and earned his first win over the Mariners since July 23, 2007, by outlasting Seattle's young star.
Frank Francisco got Adrian Beltre for the final out of the eighth and worked the ninth to continue his dominant pitching. Francisco hasn't allowed an earned run since Aug. 18 and is 8 - for - 8 in save chances this year, but this one was a little shaky.
Franklin Gutierrez singled with two outs and Yuniesky Betancourt walked before Ichiro Suzuki flied out to end the game. It was the fourth straight one - run game for Seattle and came a day after its 15-inning victory over Oakland.
After consecutive brilliant performances, Hernandez (4 - 1) finally got tagged in the fourth as the Rangers pieced together four straight hits to end his scoreless innings streak at 22. Hank Blalock zipped an RBI double past Endy Chavez in left-center field and Marlon Byrd followed with a run-scoring single.
Young hit a hanging slider out in the fifth and Davis stepped up in the sixth, golfing a breaking ball into the seats in right.
Seattle manager Don Wakamatsu said Hernandez has been fighting a mild flu, but the right-hander was more concerned with the pitches he left over the plate.
Seattle finally got to Millwood in the fifth. Millwood left a 3 - 1 fastball out over the plate to leadoff batter Russell Branyan, who hit his seventh homer. Jose Lopez singled with one out and Kenji Johjima doubled before Gutierrez's tying three - run homer into the Rangers bullpen in left.
Seattle scored in the seventh when Suzuki beat out a double play allowing Gutierrez to scamper home, but Suzuki was stranded at second.