CLEVELAND--The Cleveland Indians' first win of the season wasn't exactly a piece of cake. Still, it was worth celebrating.
Carlos Santana hit two home runs on his 26th birthday, Derek Lowe pitched seven strong innings and Cleveland's bullpen finally held a lead--barely--and beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 Sunday.
Santana opened the second inning with a drive over the wall in center. He connected a second time off Joel Carreno (0 - 1) in the fifth, a two - run shot to right that broke a 2-all tie.
On his last four birthdays, including two years in the minors, Santana is 10 for 17 with five homers and 13 RBIs.
Toronto won the first two games by 7 - 4 scores. The first went 16 innings, the longest Opening Day game in history, and the second game lasted 12 innings. The Indians led in all three games. This time, their bullpen did not allow the Blue Jays to go ahead.
Joe Smith replaced Lowe to start the eighth and yielded three consecutive one - out singles and a run. Adam Lind's RBI single made it 4 - 3.
Vinnie Pestano came on and struck out Edwin Encarnacion and Lawrie to end the threat.
Perez then closed it out to make Lowe a winner.
Lowe (1 - 0) got 15 outs on grounders and allowed two unearned runs in his Indians debut. Encarnacion had an RBI double and Brett Lawrie a sacrifice fly as Toronto tied it at 2 in the fourth.
"It's a funny game. You blow one when up by three, then save one against one of the best hitters in the game."
Perez, who gave up three runs in the ninth inning on Opening Day, survived a critical error by shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera on a potential game-ending double play grounder. The miscue put runners on first and second with one out.
Perez came back to strike out Yunel Escobar, but walked Kelly Johnson. That brought up Bautista, who led the majors in homers with 54 and 43 the past two years and was 5 of 9 with a homer off Perez.
Blue Jays manager John Farrell liked Toronto's chances.
Bautista thought it was a good pitch to hit.
It was the third straight strong start by the Indians' rotation. Cleveland starters compiled a 1.23 ERA in the series.
Lowe, in his 16th season, allowed five hits and had one walk and one strikeout. The 38-year-old right-hander showed no ill effects of some tightness in his right ribcage that caused him to leave an exhibition start on March 29.
Acquired from Atlanta this offseason, Lowe made his first appearance at Progressive Field since May 2004, for Boston. He spent the past seven years in the National League.
Carreno, making his first career start, gave up six hits and walked four over six innings. The right-hander had worked 11 times in relief a year ago for the Blue Jays. Afterward, the Blue Jays optioned Carreno to Triple-A Las Vegas and recalled LHP Aaron Laffey. Toronto doesn't need a fifth starter until April 21.