CHICAGO--By now, Joe Maddon's Chicago Cubs aren't fazed by an early deficit.
Not when they've shown a propensity all season for turning them into victories.
Kris Bryant and Miguel Montero had consecutive RBI doubles in the sixth as the Cubs extended Shelby Miller's winless skid to 17 games with a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday.
Anthony Rizzo added an RBI single in the seventh for Chicago.
The Cubs, who remain in the thick of the NL wild-card chase, erased an early, 3 - 1 deficit, taking the lead in the two - run sixth.
Jason Motte (8 - 1) earned the win in relief, starting a string of four innings during which Cubs relievers didn't allow a hit until pinch-hitter Nick Swisher doubled with one out in the ninth off of closer Hector Rondon. Rondon recovered to earn his 22nd save in 26 opportunities.
The bullpen proved big after Cubs starter Kyle Hendricks left after five innings and giving up three runs. Hendricks struck out seven, walked one and scattered seven hits.
That's when the Cubs bullpen went to work.
Miller (5 - 10) dropped his career-high ninth straight decision. He hasn't won since May 17.
Miller only allowed two hits, including Chris Coghlan's solo homer, over the first five innings, but gave up five runs overall--three earned--after the Braves made a pair of critical errors.
Miller struck out eight in 6 1/3 innings and walked four while scattering six hits. After allowing a first-inning home run to Coghlan, Miller retired 10 of 11 batters before running into trouble in the sixth.
The Braves have lost five straight overall and 20 of 22 road games, the most recent which didn't get a lot of help from Atlanta's defense.
Chicago, which never led until the sixth, got to 3 - 2 in the fifth when Montero scored on a throwing error by Braves third baseman Pedro Ciriaco when he attempted to start a double play.
Atlanta built a 3 - 1 lead in the third inning when Nick Markakis lined a two - out double over center fielder Dexter Fowler's head.
Markakis scored on Freddie Freeman's fielder's choice in the first inning after lacing a sharp single on the game's first pitch.
But the early deficit didn't affect the Cubs, whose offense finally got to Miller in the sixth and whose offense only allowed the one hit over the final four innings.
For Chicago, that's a recipe for winning baseball--even if things don't start off the way the Cubs would like.