LOS ANGELES--Jered Weaver went back to work, Kendrys Morales and Mark Trumbo homered back-to-back, and the Los Angeles showed the San Francisco Giants that winning the deciding game of a series at the "Big A" is still as tough as it was in 2002.
Weaver pitched six innings of two - hit ball in his return from the disabled list, and the Angels handed Ryan Vogelsong his first loss in almost seven weeks with a 6 - 0 victory on Wednesday night. It was the Halos' eighth series win in their last nine tries.
Weaver (7 - 1) threw 78 pitches in his first start since May 28 at Angel Stadium against the Yankees, when his back went out on him after just 12 pitches. He was working on a limited pitch count, so he knew there was no way manager Mike Scioscia was going to let him see the seventh inning.
The right-hander, who finished runner-up in the AL Cy Young voting last season, struck out three and walked two while lowering his ERA to 2.40.
San Francisco's only hits off Weaver were two - out singles by Brandon Crawford in the third inning and Brandon Belt in the fifth. The Giants had just two more hits--both singles--and were shut out for the third time.
Alberto Callaspo homered against Vogelsong and former Angels prospect Shane Loux surrendered Morales' eighth homer and Trumbo's 17th, as the Halos took the rubber game of the interleague series--the first visit by the Giants to Anaheim since losing Game 7 of the 2002 World Series.
Vogelsong (6 - 3) gave up three runs and seven hits over seven innings, walked none and struck out six in his first regular-season start against the Angels. The right-hander, who came in with the lowest run support of any Giants starter at 3.70 per game, was 6 - 0 with a 1.76 ERA in his previous eight outings since May 3, when he lost a 3 - 2 decision to Miami's Anibal Sanchez at San Francisco.
Callaspo opened the scoring in the second inning with a drive into the lower seats in the right field corner for his fourth home run, and the Angels increased the margin to 3 - 0 in the fifth.
Howie Kendrick, who had only two extra-base hits in his previous 35 games and 123 at-bats, hit the first of his two doubles with one out in the fifth and scored on Erick Aybar's single. Aybar continued to second on the throw home from left fielder Melky Cabrera, and rookie Mike Trout came through with an RBI single after a walk to No. 9 hitter Bobby Wilson.