KANSAS CITY, Mo. (ESPN.com news services)--The Chicago White Sox dropped out of first place for the first time since May 16, but they didn't go down without a fight.
There was a bench-clearing brawl in the fifth inning and five ejections total in Chicago's 14 - 3 loss to the Kansas City Royals on Sunday. Mike Aviles went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and Zack Greinke pitched well into the seventh inning before he was among those sent to the clubhouse.
Royals catcher Miguel Olivo was hit in the wrist by a pitch from D. J. Carrasco and charged the mound to start the brawl. Olivo pulled up as if he was ready to punch Carrasco, a former Royals pitcher, when White Sox catcher A. J. Pierzynski grabbed him from behind. Olivo instead hit Pierzynski in the head, and by then both dugouts and bullpens had rushed the field.
Olivo, Carrasco and White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen were ejected when order was restored.
Olivo was suspended four games at the beginning of this season after throwing a punch at Jose Reyes of the New York Mets during the final weekend of last season while with the Florida Marlins, also igniting a bench-clearing brawl. Another suspension could be coming.
Aviles' four - hit game matched his career high and raised his average to.340. It was his third four - hit game in 52 games since a May 29 promotion from Triple-A Omaha.
The White Sox' 19th loss in 28 road games set them back a half-game behind Minnesota in the AL Central, after the Twins defeated the Cleveland Indians.
The Royals collected 19 hits, a season high, in each of the final two games of this series. Every Royal starter except Esteban German had a hit.
All of it was overshadowed by the fifth-inning fight.
"I'm not going to bring a guy in that throws 85 miles an hour to hit somebody. I guarantee it. I'll bring [Octavio] Dotel, I'll bring [Matt] Thornton. Then I will tell them to throw at them. That's the way I do business."
Carrasco said he was surprised when Olivo came to the mound.
Pierzynski also didn't understand why the umpire thought Carrasco was trying to hit Olivo.
Greinke (9 - 7) held the White Sox to three hits and no runs the first six innings, then allowed two runs in the seventh before hitting Nick Swisher with a pitch. Greinke was ejected along with Royals manager Trey Hillman.
Greinke, who lost July 18 at Chicago when he allowed seven runs on 11 hits in three innings, struck out six without a walk, laboring through 6 1/3 innings in 98-degree weather.
Olivo contributed a two - run double in the second and had three RBIs. Billy Butler had three hits and drove in two runs. Jose Guillen had two hits, including his team-leading 16th home run and second in as many games. Rookie Mitch Maier also had a career-high three hits.
Clayton Richard (0 - 2), who was making his third big league start, gave up nine runs, six earned, on 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings, his ERA ballooning to 10.38.
Dewayne Wise's triple in the seventh scored Brian Anderson with the first White Six run. A. J. Pierzynski added a home run in the eighth off Robinson Tejeda.