PHILADELPHIA--The Philadelphia Phillies entered the season with a heralded pitching staff of four aces. They may have discovered an unlikely fifth.
Rookie right-hander Vance Worley threw a three - hitter and Chase Utley hit an inside-the-park homer to lead the Phillies to a 7 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night in a matchup of the NL's top teams.
Worley (7 - 1) had five strikeouts and one walk, and has allowed two earned runs or less in 11 of his 13 career starts. It was Worley's fifth straight win and first career complete game.
Manuel said Worley deserved to go the distance.
It might have been expected that Worley's scheduled counterpart, Tim Lincecum, would have been receiving the postgame accolades, but the Giants right-hander was a late scratch due to a stomach illness.
Barry Zito (3 - 3), a late replacement for Lincecum, allowed six runs and six hits in seven innings while striking out four and walking two.
Lincecum was scratched two hours before the game and listed as day-to-day. He could pitch Wednesday against the Phillies, taking Zito's place. Manager Bruce Bochy said after the game that a decision would be made Wednesday.
Zito was headed to take batting practice at 5:20 p.m. when Bochy informed him of the start. It was the first-ever fill-in start for Zito, who was forced to slightly alter his routine. But he did not use it as an excuse for the outing.
Zito, pitching on nine days' rest, was roughed up in the first inning when Philadelphia scored four runs.
Worley shared the credit with backup catcher Brian Schneider.
Six of the Phillies' seven hits were for six extra bases.
Ryan Howard, John Mayberry Jr. and Raul Ibanez also homered for the Phillies (65 - 37).
Aaron Rowand homered against his former team for the Giants (59 - 44).
In the sixth, Utley drove the ball off the wall in center. It caromed away from center fielder Andres Torres and was retrieved by right fielder Nate Schierholtz. The relay came to shortstop Mike Fontenot, whose throw home was slightly to the left of catcher Eli Whiteside. Utley, sliding headfirst, just beat the lunging tag of Whiteside to put Philadelphia up 6 - 1.
Bochy came out to argue, but replays appeared to confirm home-plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth's call was correct.
Utley, who went 2 for 4, has reached base safely in 28 straight games and is 8 for 17 with three homers and five RBIs in his last five games.
Howard went 2 for 4 with the homer and a double.
The game was a rematch of last season's NLCS when the Giants beat the Phillies in six games on their way to winning the World Series. The series had added intrigue following Bochy's handling of Philadelphia pitchers Roy Halladay and Cliff Lee in the All-Star Game.
Bochy chose to start Halladay and had Lee pitch 1 2/3 innings, while resting two of his eligible All-Star pitchers, Lincecum and Ryan Vogelsong. The move drew the ire of some Philadelphia fans and may have irritated Phillies pitching coach Rich Dubee, who responded to a question about the situation by saying, "I've got my opinions. I'm not going to tell you."
The Phillies scored four runs in the first after Zito had retired the first two batters, highlighted by Ibanez's three - run homer to deep right-center. Ibanez had been 9 for 49 (.184) lifetime against Zito entering the game. Howard had put Philadelphia on the board with an RBI double to right that scored Utley.
Zito said the pitch to Ibanez was a cutter that didn't move enough inside.
The left-hander rebounded after the slow start, allowing two runs and three hits over his final six innings.
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pablo Sandoval's sacrifice fly.
Mayberry homered to left in the fourth to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead.
Rowand's pinch-hit homer in the eighth pulled the Giants within 6 - 2, but Howard got the run back with a solo shot to left in the bottom of the inning.
Cody Ross, the MVP of last season's NLCS, went 0 for 3.