CHICAGO--Avisail Garcia didn't need to hit the ball out of the park this time. He just hit it hard and far enough.
Garcia's line-drive double to the wall with one out in the 13th inning drove in Jose Abreu from first base and lifted the Chicago White Sox to 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night to finish a three - game sweep.
Garcia's hitting and power have picked up--he has four homers in his last eight games. But he just tried to make contact off Cesar Ramos (2 - 1), the Angels' sixth pitcher out the bullpen. Ramos gave up a single to Abreu and then Garcia's double to left-center.
"We've been fighting, so I think I found a good pitch to hit."
Matt Albers (2 - 0), Chicago's sixth reliever, pitched two scoreless innings for the win.
Los Angeles lost its ninth straight on the road.
This one went to extra innings when Abreu botched a play at first in the ninth, allowing Angels pinch runner Taylor Featherston to race home from third and tie the game at 2 on Conor Gillaspie's grounder to first.
With one out and runners at first and third, White Sox closer David Robertson got Gillaspie to bounce softly to Abreu at first, who tagged the bag for the second out.
Rather than throwing home, Abreu threw to Alexei Ramirez who was covering second and pursued Johnny Giavotella in a rundown. After Ramirez obstructed Giovatella, he was ruled safe at second to extend the inning.
The weird tone was set when Robertson, who had his sixth blown save in 29 chances, struck out Erick Aybar on a pitch in the dirt to open the ninth. White Sox catcher Tyler Flowers tagged Aybar to complete the play and home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth called Aybar out.
But Aybar ran to first and Angels manager Mike Scioscia asked for a video review, contending the tag was missed. Scioscia argued near home plate for several minutes after the review was complete, throwing off Robertson's rhythm.
Scioscia's was more concerned about the sliding Angels' inability to drive in runners. They left 14 on base and were 0 for 15 with men in scoring position despite scoring twice.
White Sox starter John Danks pitched one - run ball into the eighth and was in line for the win after Ramirez doubled in the go-ahead run in the sixth. The left-hander scattered five hits and worked around three walks.
Angels rookie left-hander Andrew Heaney allowed two runs on six hits and struck out four in 5 2/3 innings.
Gordon Beckham drove in Chicago's first run with a sac fly. Gillaspie, making his first appearance against his former team, snapped an 0 - for - 17 slump with a double in the fifth to drive in Los Angeles' first run.
Chicago center fielder Trayce Thompson, the younger brother of Golden State Warriors star Klay Thompson, went 2 for 3 in his fifth big-league game. He's 6 for 12 since his call-up from Triple-A Charlotte last Friday.
White Sox rookie third baseman Tyler Saladino scored a run and sparkled in the field. He made an unassisted double play in the fifth, then threw out Mike Trout at home in the sixth to keep the game tied at 1.