HOUSTON--Miguel Olivo had some inside information when he went to the plate against Jeff Fulchino in the 11th inning Wednesday night.
And he used it to his advantage.
Olivo homered on the first pitch from the former Royal, whom he caught last season, to give Kansas City a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros.
Olivo's shot off Fulchino (2 - 3) ricocheted off the railing in center field and bounced back onto the field. It was his 11th homer and gave the Royals their second straight win after they broke a five - game losing streak with Tuesday's win in the series opener.
Joakim Soria (2 - 0) blew a save chance but got the win. John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first save.
An error by Houston first baseman Lance Berkman and a call the Astros disputed--the umpires had it right--helped the Royals get the tying run in the ninth.
Brayan Pena homered in the 10th inning to put the Royals ahead 3 - 2. Houston tied it in the bottom half when Ivan Rodriguez just beat the throw home on single by pinch-hitter Matt Kata.
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead into the ninth behind Jose Valverde. Mitch Maier reached on Berkman's one - out error and pinch-hitter Mike Jacobs followed with a deep drive. Left fielder Jason Michaels claimed he caught the ball, but replays showed it caromed off the wall into his glove.
Jacobs' single sent Maier to third, and David DeJesus' single made it 2-all.
Royals reliever Kyle Farnsworth was injured in the eighth inning on his third pitch. He released the ball and crumpled to the ground, clutching the top of his right leg. He hobbled off the field with help and was replaced by Jamey Wright. Team officials said Farnsworth had a right groin injury and would be evaluated Thursday.
The Astros trailed 1 - 0 before Darin Erstad's pinch-hit, two - run homer in the sixth.
Pinch-hitter Tug Hulett delivered an RBI single in the top of the sixth that broke a scoreless tie. It was his first hit of the season after going 0 for 11.
Royals starter Luke Hochevar didn't allow a hit until a single by Carlos Lee in the fifth. Hochevar gave up three hits in seven innings.
Houston starter Roy Oswalt allowed one run in six innings, striking out eight.
Maier tried to stretch a triple into an inside-the-park home run in the third but was tagged out at the plater by a diving Rodriguez.
Maier's ball bounced deep in center field before Michael Bourn scooped it up and got it to second baseman Kaz Matsui. Maier appeared to slow down as he approached third base, but third base coach Dave Owen waved him home. Matsui got the ball to Rodriguez who took a belly flop to get in front of Maier for the tag.
Astros manager Cecil Cooper said this one was hard to take.