DETROIT--Kevin Kiermaier loves playing at Comerica Park and its spacious outfield.
His exceptional range means that the large dimensions aren't a problem, and the wide-open field is made for a gap hitter.
Kiermaier came up in the sixth inning Friday night with the bases loaded and lined a tie-breaking triple into the right-field corner as the Rays went on to a 7 - 5 victory over the Detroit Tigers. It was Kiermaier's third triple in seven career games at the ballpark.
With reliever Kyle Ryan having just walked Logan Morrison to load the bases, Kiermaier knew he was going to get something to hit on the first pitch. It was a cutter over the plate, and Kiermaier yanked it down the line.
Steven Souza and Steve Pearce homered for the Rays, helping overcome two homers by Miguel Cabrera to snap the Tigers' four - game winning streak.
Matt Andriese (3 - 0) picked up the win despite allowing four runs in 5 1/3 innings. Four relievers followed, with Alex Colome pitching the ninth for his 11th save in 11 chances.
Anibal Sanchez (3 - 5) allowed five runs in five - plus innings for the Tigers.
Sanchez has struggled early in games this year as opponents have a.864 OPS against him on the second time through the batting order. Things got worse on Friday. Souza homered on his second pitch, and Tampa Bay added two more runs in the first on Corey Dickerson's double and Morrison's single.
The Tigers got a run back in the second when Andriese balked with runners on the corners.
Detroit tied the score in the third. Ian Kinsler singled, but J. D. Martinez hit what looked like a routine double-play ball to shortstop Brad Miller. Second baseman Pearce, though, was shifted to the left-field side of second base and froze instead of covering second base. Pearce, normally a first baseman and corner outfielder, was making just his 19th career start at second.
Miller threw Martinez out, but it cost Andriese a run when Cabrera homered three pitches later.
Sanchez had a surprisingly easy time with his second time through Tampa Bay's order, only allowing an infield single, but Tigers manager Brad Ausmus pulled him after he allowed a single and a walk to start the sixth.
Ryan retired the first two batters he faced, but walked Morrison before Kiermaier's triple.
The Tigers got a run back in the bottom of the sixth, but Evan Longoria made an outstanding play to start an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded.
Cabrera made it 6 - 5 in the seventh, homering off the facing of the camera platform in straightaway center field off Erasmo Ramirez. Pearce, though, moved the lead back to two with an eighth-inning homer off Alex Wilson.