NEW YORK--Once the rain stopped, the hits came for the New York Mets.
Jeremy Hefner and the Mets handed Patrick Corbin his first loss, breaking away from the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 1 on a drizzly Tuesday night and sending the NL West leaders to their season-worst fifth straight defeat.
Josh Satin hit an RBI double that put the Mets ahead 2 - 1 in a seven - run seventh inning that lasted about 2 hours, albeit with a rain delay of 1 hour, 41 minutes in the middle.
When Arizona retook the field, there was another halt--the grounds crew hadn't redrawn the batter's boxes or put a rosin bag on the mound. Corbin (9 - 1) was pulled and the Mets poured it on against the bullpen.
Anthony Recker, who began the day batting.157 and then homered, hit an RBI single off Brad Ziegler when play resumed.
No problem, he got the burst going again. Omar Quintanilla hit a two - run single and Eric Young Jr. lined a two - run double as the Mets quickly made it 8 - 1.
Hefner (3 - 6) won while the Diamondbacks continued a most curious streak--their starting pitchers are 0 - 11 in 24 games since June 5. Arizona fell to 1 - 7 on its road trip after two straight losses to begin this four - game visit to Citi Field.
The Mets, meanwhile, posted their most lopsided victory at Citi Field since opening day and won consecutive home games for the first time since late May.
Hefner allowed four hits, struck out six and walked two in seven innings. It was his sixth start in a row permitting two or fewer earned runs.
Martin Prado homered off Hefner in the seventh, tying it at 1. Prado was the only hitter on the Arizona roster who had previously faced Hefner.
Corbin was trying to become the first lefty starter in the majors to begin a season 10 - 0 since Ron Guidry opened 13 - 0 for the New York Yankees in 1978.
The 23-year-old Corbin left with the bases loaded and no outs when play was delayed. All three runners scored, and he was charged with a season-high five runs. He was denied in a sixth try for his 10th win of the season.
Satin doubled home David Wright and extended his hitting streak to eight games, and is batting.390 (16 for 41) this season. Satin has been playing first base since Ike Davis was demoted to the minors, and his lively bat has impressed Collins.