ARLINGTON, Texas--The Texas Rangers keep winning by the slimmest possible margin.
Three relievers combined to get the final 14 outs without allowing a run as the Rangers stretched their season-best winning streak to seven games, the last four being one - run decisions. They beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Monday night in a makeup game matching the American League's top two teams.
Shin-Soo Choo hit a go-ahead two - run single in the fourth to put Texas up 4 - 3, right after Bobby Wilson ended a 10-pitch at-bat off Kevin Gausman (0 - 5) with a sacrifice fly. Ian Desmond hit his 11th homer an inning earlier, a 437-foot solo shot that landed halfway up the hill in straightaway center field.
After former closer Shawn Tolleson (2 - 2) worked 1 2/3 innings, Tony Barnette had two scoreless innings and Sam Dyson got the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances, including 12 straight since taking over as the closer a month ago.
Since the makeup of an April 17 rainout counted as a series, the Rangers stretched their club record to 10 consecutive series wins--the longest in the American League since Tampa Bay's 10 straight three years ago.
The Rangers have the AL's best record at 46 - 25, their best ever through 71 games for a 9 1/2-game lead over Seattle in the AL West. Baltimore is 40 - 29, a half-game ahead of Boston in the AL East.
Texas is 17 - 4 in one - run games, the most such wins in the majors--and have won its last eight.
Every Baltimore starter had at least one hit, and the Orioles had runners on base in every inning. They only scored in the second, when J. J. Hardy had an RBI double before Adam Jones and Joey Rickard drove in runs with two - out hits off Derek Holland.
Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the third before Hardy struck out and Nolan Reimold grounded into an inning-ending double play. That was the MLB-best 92nd double play turned by the Rangers this season, and they added another in the seventh.
Holland allowed 11 of the 23 batters he faced to reach base, giving up nine hits and two walks in 4 1/3 innings. The left-hander struck out four.