WASHINGTON (AP)--Brad Hawpe made the Washington Nationals pay for an ill-timed mistake, and Tim Redding fumed over a potential game-changing catch that wasn't made.
Troy Tulowitzki and Hawpe homered and the Colorado Rockies beat the Nationals 4 - 3 on Friday night.
Hawpe's two - run shot to center field capped a three - run rally against Redding (8 - 8) with two down in the fifth. Seth Smith singled and scored when Matt Holliday sailed a double over the head of center fielder Lastings Milledge, tying the game at 2 on what could have been the third out. Hawpe followed with his 20th homer.
Milledge acknowledged he mistakenly broke in on Holliday's liner, which was hit directly at him. His retreating, last-second leap wasn't high enough to snag the hit.
Colorado has connected in 10 consecutive games, a season high. Twelve of Hawpe's homers have tied a game or put the Rockies ahead.
Colorado manager Clint Hurdle has become familiar with the way Hawpe can change a game when he's on a hot streak. Since July 5, Hawpe is hitting.438 (50 - for - 114) with nine homers and 30 RBIs in 36 games.
The Rockies won for the third time in nine games. Last week at Coors Field, Washington took three - of-four from Colorado.
The Nationals have lost eight in a row. With another loss to the Rockies on Saturday, the Nationals would match their longest skid of the season.
Jorge De La Rosa (6 - 6) went six innings, allowing three runs and six hits. He had been moved to the bullpen, but returned to the rotation Friday night after an injury to ace Aaron Cook made the Rockies juggle their rotation. Cook is scheduled to start on Sunday.
Manuel Corpas pitched the seventh, Taylor Buchholz worked the eighth and Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 27 opportunities.
In the seventh, pinch hitter Willy Taveras singled and stole second, recording his 54th steal, a new franchise record. The previous mark of 53 was set by Eric Young in 1996. Taveras later swiped No. 55 in the ninth.
The Nationals, who had been shut out in three of their previous seven games and 18 times overall this season, took a 1 - 0 lead in the first. Emilio Bonifacio sliced De La Rosa's first pitch down the left-field line for a double, then scored on Ronnie Belliard's single to right-center.
Redding retired the first seven Colorado hitters in order before Tulowitzki hit his fourth homer to center off an 0 - 2 fastball. It the first home run since July 2 for Tulowitzki, who had 24 last year.
Washington retook the lead in third when Belliard drew a leadoff walk, moved to second on a wild pitch and scored when Ryan Zimmerman poked a single into right field.
The Rockies rallied for three runs off Redding in the fifth, erasing Washington's 2 - 1 lead.
Aaron Boone's RBI groundout in the sixth made it 4 - 3.
Redding pitched six innings, losing for the fifth time in six starts. He gave up four runs and seven hits, walked one and struck out five.
"On the one on Holliday, they were supposed to elevate the ball to him and they left it right over the plate. He's a very good hitter and he hit it very hard."