PHOENIX--The Milwaukee Brewers strung together quality at-bats, got solid pitching and held onto a lead for once.
Not a bad way to close out what had been a frustrating series--or head into the All-Star break.
Wily Peralta pitched seven effective innings, Logan Schafer homered and drove in two runs and the Milwaukee Brewers ended a four - game losing streak by beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 1 on Sunday.
The Brewers spent the first half of the season struggling with injuries and consistency. Against Arizona, they had trouble holding leads in three frustrating games in the desert.
Milwaukee prevented the sweep by roughing up Ian Kennedy (3 - 6) with a string of two - strike hits and a second straight strong outing by Peralta (7 - 9)
The hitting came early: Four runs the first two innings against Kennedy.
Carlos Gomez hit a two - run single in the first inning, Schafer drove in another run in the second with a sacrifice bunt and added a solo homer in the fifth.
Peralta, coming off his first complete game shutout, effectively worked around base runners all day, and the bullpen held after he left, helping the Brewers end a six - game losing streak to the Diamondbacks.
A nice finish to the first half for the Brewers with a much-needed break coming up.
Swept by the Dodgers earlier in the week, Arizona responded with three impressive victories over Milwaukee.
With a chance for their first sweep of the Brewers, the Diamondbacks fell flat, unable to bounce back after Kennedy's shaky outing left him stuck on 49 career wins for the seventh straight start.
Miguel Montero homered for the second straight game, but Arizona went 0 - for - 6 with runners in scoring position, failing to capitalize after getting the leadoff man on six times.
A dud to finish, yes, but the Diamondbacks still head into the break leading the NL West, 2½ games ahead of the Dodgers at 50 - 45.
Peralta, who tossed a three - hitter against Cincinnati his last start, worked around base runners through the first four innings with the help of two double plays and a pickoff by catcher Martin Maldonado after Adam Eaton strayed too far off first in the third.
The right-hander extended his scoreless streak to 19 1/3 innings until Montero hit his first pitch of the fifth for his eighth homer.
Peralta stranded runners at second and third in the sixth inning and worked around another runner in the seventh. He allowed a run and seven hits and struck out eight.
Kennedy's frustrations continued.
The right-hander has struggled with his put-away pitches, a big reason he's labored through the first half of the season.
Kennedy again had trouble putting hitters away against the Brewers, allowing four straight singles to open the game--all after getting ahead 0 - 2 or 1 - 2.
The fourth one was by Gomez, who lined an 0 - 2 pitch through the right side for a two - run single and another run came in on a groundout by Maldonado.
Schafer drove in a run with a sacrifice bunt in the second inning and, after falling behind 0 - 2, led off the fifth inning with a homer that put the Brewers up 5 - 0.
Kennedy allowed five runs and nine hits in 6 1/3 innings, the second straight start he's allowed five earned runs. He hasn't won since June 1 against the Cubs.