CHICAGO--In his first season as a starter, Chris Sale is settling in nicely.
Sale pitched seven sharp innings and Paul Konerko and Alex Rios backed him with home runs, leading the Chicago White Sox to a 6 - 0 win over the Minnesota Twins on Wednesday night.
Sale (5 - 2) held the Twins to two hits and two walks, striking out six. He has allowed three runs or fewer in all eight of his starts in his first year as a member of the rotation.
Still showing a black eye after getting hit in the face by a pitch last Friday, Konerko had three hits and scored three times.
Konerko connected in the seventh for his ninth homer of the season. He's hitting.548 (17 - of - 31) during a nine - game hitting streak and his.381 average for the season is two points better than Texas' Josh Hamilton for the AL lead.
Rios sent a two - run homer into the Twins' bullpen in left field in the fourth, his first home run since April 7 at Texas.
The White Sox recorded their fifth shutout of the season and have won five of six. Chicago had lost 9 - 2 to Minnesota on Tuesday.
The Twins entered the game with the worst record in the AL, but had gone 5 - 1 on their current road trip. They hurt themselves by making three errors, setting up three unearned runs--Minnesota had committed just one error in its previous eight games. Minnesota has been shut out eight times this season.
Scott Diamond (3 - 1) allowing five runs, only two of them earned, and gave up a season-high nine hits. He left the game with a 1.78 ERA this season.
Sale permitted just one runner past first base and was aided by a pair of double plays. He's made a seamless return to the rotation over his past three outings after a brief shift to the bullpen, the team's response to his elbow soreness.
Chicago scored an unearned run in the first on Adam Dunn's RBI single, helped by an error from second baseman Jamey Carroll. The White Sox tacked on two more unearned runs in the sixth on an RBI double by Pierzynski and an RBI groundout by Orlando Hudson, with right fielder Darin Mastroianni dropping a fly ball during the inning.