CHICAGO--As much as he hates Wrigley Field, Ozzie Guillen had to enjoy this one.
Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and the Miami Marlins beat the Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night, giving Guillen a win in his first game back managing in Chicago.
Lee's slam against Travis Wood highlighted a five - run fifth and tied him with Jimmie Foxx and Ted Williams for seventh on baseball's career list with 17.
Omar Infante also homered and had three hits, giving him 17 in 36 at-bats at Wrigley Field. Hanley Ramirez also went deep in the game to back a strong start by Anibal Sanchez (5 - 6), and the Marlins won their second straight after dropping four of five.
Overall, though, he liked what he saw in his first game in Chicago since a messy split with the White Sox at the end of last season. He led the South Siders to a 678 - 617 record that included a championship in 2005, their first since 1917, but his tenure ended after his relationship with general manager Ken Williams disintegrated.
On Tuesday, he heard plenty of boos. Hardly a surprise, given he was on the North Side and visiting the old ballpark that he has blasted as a rat-infested dump.
He said his wife was booing him.
The Cubs simply couldn't strike the big blow, stranding 10 runners, and took the loss after winning 12 of 16. It didn't help, either, that Wood (4 - 4) unraveled after winning his previous four starts. The left-hander lasted just 4 2/3 innings, giving up eight hits and eight runs.
Miami scored three against him in the fourth, with Infante's two - run drive to left capping that rally. They then chased him during a five - run fifth, the big blow coming when Lee drove the first pitch to the left-field seats after Sanchez, Jose Reyes and Emilio Bonifacio all singled to start the inning.
The slam was Lee's first since July 25, 2011, with Houston. It was also his first homer since the Marlins acquired him from the Astros on July 4.
Wood simply shrugged off that blow, saying, "Lee hit a good pitch. It was down and in. He just dropped the barrel."
Wood left after giving up a one - out double to Ramirez and retiring Austin Kearns on a fly. Rafael Dolis came in and gave up back-to-back singles to Infante and John Buck that made it 8 - 0.
That was plenty for Sanchez, who allowed nine hits but just two runs (one earned) over seven innings while striking out seven and walking two. He gave up a solo homer to Jeff Baker in the fifth. The Cubs got another run in the sixth when Geovany Soto doubled and came around after Ramirez let Joe Mather's grounder to third go under his glove.
Ramirez made up for it in the seventh with a solo shot that made it 9 - 2, his second hit of the game.