MIAMI--Entering Thursday night, the Philadelphia Phillies were 1 - 40 when trailing after eight innings.
Make that 2 - 40 now.
Tony Gwynn Jr. led off the ninth with a walk against Miami closer Steve Cishek and later scored, Ben Revere added the go-ahead run when Miami second baseman Donovan Solano bobbled a potential double-play grounder and the Phillies rallied past the Marlins 5 - 4 Thursday night to snap a six - game losing streak.
Revere had two hits for the Phillies, who won for the third time in 13 games. It was Revere's sixth multi-hit game in his last eight outings.
It was back-and-forth all night, the last swing going Philadelphia's way: The Marlins led 2 - 0, the Phillies went up 3 - 2 and the Marlins scored two in the eighth, grabbing a 4 - 3 lead on Jeff Baker's pinch-hit triple.
But in the ninth, Cishek gave the Phillies a chance, and they took advantage.
Gwynn went to third on a single by Revere and wound up scoring the tying run on a grounder by Jimmy Rollins. Chase Utley then hit another grounder to Solano, who only had the play at first and allowed Revere to score easily.
Marlins manager Mike Redmond didn't speculate about what Solano's bobble meant, saying the inning's biggest mistake was the free pass Cishek (4 - 4) issued to Gwynn.
Phillies closer Jonathan Papelbon got his 19th save in 21 chances. Jake Diekman (3 - 2) got the win despite a shaky eighth, giving up two runs and costing Philadelphia the lead.
Marcell Ozuna had three hits and scored twice for Miami, and Christian Yelich also had a two - hit night for the Marlins. Casey McGehee extended his hit streak to 10 for Miami, reaching base for the 27th straight game.
Cameron Rupp had a two - run, two - out, full-count double off Miami reliever Chris Hatcher to highlight Philadelphia's three - run sixth. Rupp was batting.125 before his opposite-field hit sailed over Giancarlo Stanton's head and off the right-field wall.
Phillies starter Kyle Kendrick gave up six hits and struck out four in seven innings, leaving with a 3 - 2 lead. Marlins starter Brad Hand gave up three singles to open the sixth and was chased after 99 pitches, the fourth-most of his career.
Hand's sacrifice bunt--his first RBI in nearly three years--allowed Ozuna to score Miami's first run in the second. Ozuna singled and scored again in the fifth, Yelich driving him in that time for a 2 - 0 Miami lead.