SAN FRANCISCO (AP)--To think Matt Cain only has seven wins despite pitching well enough for about twice that total. He's never been one to be bitter for such fortunes in baseball.
Cain beat the Braves for the first time in three career tries, Randy Winn doubled in a run and had three hits and the San Francisco Giants won 4 - 2 against Atlanta on Monday night.
Ivan Ochoa and Aaron Rowand each hit RBI singles for San Francisco, which won for the third time in four games and earned just its 21st home victory of 2008. Ochoa's RBI was the first of his major league career.
Cain didn't allow a baserunner past second until Casey Kotchman's two - out triple in the sixth, then Kotchman scored the Braves' first run on Omar Infante's RBI single moments later. Kotchman hit his first triple since May 20, 2007, while with the Los Angeles Angels.
Cain (7 - 9)--who is putting more energy into his conditioning between starts and reaping the benefits late in games--allowed one run on five hits in 6 2/3 innings, struck out six and walked five on a chilly and foggy summer night in the Bay Area, with a first-pitch temperature of 61 degrees. He received more than a one - run cushion for the first time since July 6.
Jack Taschner relieved with the bases loaded and recorded the final out of the seventh, getting Brian McCann to pop up. Tyler Walker recorded two outs in the eighth and Brian Wilson pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth with two strikeouts for his NL-leading 31st save in 33 opportunities.
Cain escaped a second-inning jam after allowing a one - out walk to McCann, the cleanup hitter, before plunking Kotchman in the right wrist, but then got two straight outs to get out of it.
McCann returned to the lineup after missing a week with a mild concussion.
The Braves, who have dropped three straight series, lost for the eighth time in 10 games. Kelly Johnson singled in Atlanta's other run in the eighth after Infante doubled.
Jair Jurrjens (10 - 7) lost for the fourth time in his past six decisions, making his first career appearance against the Giants and in San Francisco's waterfront ballpark.
For a change, Braves manager Bobby Cox was thrilled not to be asked how he would pitch to Barry Bonds. The home run king, out of a job this year, is coming up on the 1-year anniversary Thursday of the day he broke Hank Aaron's home run record.
Cain singled in the fourth for his seventh hit this season, one shy of his career best set in 2006. He came around to score his third run of 2008 with a slide into home, matching his most that he also accomplished last year.