BALTIMORE--The Baltimore Orioles found the ideal way to end a successful week that featured five wins and standout performances from two players brought on board for a potential playoff push.
Jonathan Schoop, Chris Davis and Trey Mancini homered in succession during a four - run first inning, and the Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 12 - 3 Sunday to complete a 5 - 2 homestand.
Joey Rickard and Manny Machado also connected for the Orioles, who led 8 - 0 after four innings and cruised to their seventh win in nine games.
The homestand began with a sweep of Kansas City, capped by a brilliant outing from right-hander Jeremy Hellickson, obtained in a July 28 trade with Philadelphia. Then, newcomer Tim Beckham led the charge against the Tigers, who won the first two games of the series before Baltimore captured the final two games.
Beckham has a hit in all six of his games since being traded from Tampa Bay and is 14 for 24 with six RBI. He also made a great grab of a grounder for the final out Sunday.
Everyone got into the act in a blowout that took shape quickly against Anibal Sanchez (3 - 2).
First, Schoop hit a two - run shot. Davis then homered to deep center and Mancini hit a shot into the left-field seats.
That put Sanchez in a 4 - 0 hole after only 17 pitches.
Machado went 4 for 5 with five RBI, and Rickard had a career-best four hits and scored three runs.
Backed by all that firepower, Ubaldo Jimenez (5 - 7) earned his first win in five starts since July 9. The right-hander pitched 5 2/3 innings, giving up one run and nine hits.
Nicholas Castellanos homered for the Tigers, who went 2 for 15 with runners in scoring position and stranded 12.
Then again, it would have taken a whole lot of offense to outdo the Orioles on this day.
Sanchez yielded a career-high tying eight runs and 10 hits in three - plus innings. He gave up three straight homers to Milwaukee in May 2015, but this was the first time he surrendered five in a game.
After giving up a solo homer to Rickard and a two - run shot by Machado in the fourth, Sanchez was mercifully lifted.
Baltimore batted around in a four - run eighth that featured a two - run single by Machado.