The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the New York Knicks, 101 - 88, at FedEx Forum on Friday night. The Grizzlies (43 - 37) came into Friday's game knowing they were facing a short - handed and likely unmotivated Knicks (30 - 50) squad, but needing to focus on getting their own house in order prior to the playoffs. Memphis had lost seven of the previous nine games and therefore needed a victory under any circumstance, and accordingly, they were able to take care of business Friday. New York announced that they'd be without Carmelo Anthony for rest purposes, and were already missing Kristaps Porzingis (back) and Derrick Rose (knee). However, their makeshift starting five did put up a valiant effort through three quarters before the home team pulled away with a 31 - point fourth period. The Grizzlies enjoyed a rare strong shooting night, tallying a 51 percent success rate from the field and 56 percent figure from three - point range. New York was led by Courtney Lee's 16 points, which he supplemented with three rebounds, three assists and one steal. Maurice Ndour followed with 15 points, seven rebounds, three blocks and one steal. Justin Holiday drew the start and put up 12 points, two rebounds, two assists and three steals. Willy Hernangomez provided an 11 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two steals. Mindaugas Kuzminskas led the second unit with 10 points and one rebound. Mike Conley paced Memphis with a game - high 31 points, which he complemented with six assists, three rebounds and one steal. Marc Gasol tallied a 16 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and three blocks. Wayne Selden was next with a bench - leading 13 points, two rebounds and two assists. Vince Carter filled out the stat sheet with 12 points, four rebounds, three assists, two blocks and one steal. Tony Allen and JaMychal Green managed matching 10 - point efforts, with the former adding four rebounds and the latter hauling in five boards and adding one assist and one block. The Knicks head back home to await the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon, while the Grizzlies remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Sunday evening.