ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP)--Carlos Lee is doing his part to help the struggling Houston Astros break out of a long slump.
Lee hit a go-ahead two - run homer and Brandon Backe pitched into the seventh inning to stop a personal three - game losing streak, helping the Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 3 - 2 on Sunday.
The Astros went ahead on Lee's two - out shot off Scott Kazmir in the sixth, and Backe and the bullpen made the 3 - 2 lead stand up. Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 22 opportunities.
Backe (5 - 8) went 6 2/3 innings, allowing two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and four walks. Wesley Wright replaced Backe with two on and two out in the seventh and struck out Carl Crawford to end the inning.
Hunter Pence also homered for the Astros, who took two of three from the surprising Rays after losing seven consecutive series. The Astros, who are 5 - 18 in their last 23 games, started the series mired in an eight - game losing streak.
The Rays got a two - run homer from Evan Longoria, but came up short in their bid to win 10 straight series at home. Tampa Bay, 30 - 13 at home, was coming off a three - game sweep of the NL Central-leading Chicago Cubs.
All three games in the series were decided by one run.
Kazmir (6 - 3) gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings. He struck seven and walked two during a 106-pitch outing. The left-hander had allowed just two runs over 30 2/3 innings in five previous home starts this season.
Longoria put the Rays ahead 2 - 0 with his drive in the second. The rookie third baseman has 12 homers in 65 games since being called up from Triple-A Durham on April 12.
Pence, playing in right field, kept Houston close when he threw out Dioner Navarro trying to score from second on Gabe Gross' two - out, fourth-inning single.
Pence then made it 2 - 1 when he opened the fifth with a solo homer. The shot ended Kazmir's season-long streak of not allowing a homer at home at 34 2/3 innings.
Houston second baseman Kazuo Matsui left in the sixth with a strained right hamstring. He was hurt after hitting a grounder to short.