BALTIMORE--There have been times this season when Matt Wieters looked every bit like a rookie trying to learn to play baseball at the highest level.
There have also been games in which Wieters displayed the potential that prompted the Baltimore Orioles to make him the fifth overall pick in the 2007 amateur draft.
Against the Cleveland Indians on Friday night, Wieters put on a performance that definitely fit into the latter category. The switch-hitting catcher went 3 - for - 4, doubled twice and drove in a career-high four runs in a 13 - 4 rout.
Wieters lifted his batting average nine points to.272 and increased his RBI total to 26, modest numbers for 64 games but plenty good enough for a 23-year-old in his second professional season.
It was the first time Wieters had more than two RBIs in a game, and only the third time he got more than two hits.
Nick Markakis and Felix Pie each had a homer and three RBIs and Luke Scott scored three runs for Baltimore, now 13 - 28 since the All-Star break. The Orioles trailed 2 - 0 in the second before scoring six runs over a four - inning stretch against Fausto Carmona (3 - 9).
Jason Berken (4 - 11) won his second straight start, allowing two runs, five hits and three walks in five innings. The rookie twice worked out of bases-loaded jams by retiring Luis Valbuena on fly balls.
After the second one, a sizzling liner to right on the right-hander's 97th and final pitch, Berken looked skyward with relief as he headed toward the dugout.
Like Wieters, he hopes to end his rookie season with a flourish.
Matt LaPorta homered for the Indians, who stranded 13 and went 2 - for - 14 with runners in scoring position.
The Orioles used a three - run fourth to go up 5 - 2. Successive doubles by Scott and Wieters produced a run before Brian Roberts hit an RBI grounder and Pie doubled in a run.
Ty Wigginton chased Carmona with an RBI single in the fifth.
After LaPorta homered in the sixth, Pie connected off Jensen Lewis in the bottom half. Lewis then walked the bases loaded before Wieters hit a two - run single.
Pie hit an RBI single in the seventh, but got a cramp running to first base and was removed from the game. Later in the inning, Markakis added a three - run homer off Jess Todd.