KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Yankees manager Joe Girardi knew he was putting young Chasen Shreve, just recalled from the minor leagues earlier in the day, into just about the most difficult spot possible.
Protecting a one - run lead with the bases loaded in the 10th inning in the midst of a playoff chase.
Against the reigning World Series champions, no less.
For the first time in recent memory, an organization that is all about winning now is hoping to learn whether it has the pieces to win tomorrow.
Chasen Shreve closes out an eventful day with a New York Yankees victory.
Shreve responded by calmly striking out Kendrys Morales, then retiring Salvador Perez on a fly out, to preserve a 5 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.
The Yankees took the lead when Brian McCann and Chase Headley singled off Joakim Soria (4 - 6) in the 10th. Soria bounced back to strike out Aaron Judge and Tyler Austin, but then walked Brett Gardner before Jacoby Ellsbury lined a go-ahead single off the reliever's leg for his fourth hit of the night.
Dellin Betances (3 - 4) earned the win with two innings of relief.
Morales went deep for the Royals to spur their comeback, then provided the tying sacrifice fly in the eighth inning. Jarrod Dyson and Lorenzo Cain also drove in runs for Kansas City.
The Yankees built a 4 - 0 lead off Edinson Volquez on a two - run homer by Aaron Judge and RBI from Ellsbury and Headley by the third inning. But they watched it slowly slip away around a 59-minute rain delay that saturated the soggy turf at Kauffman Stadium.
In fact, just about all that could slow down the Yankees' Masahiro Tanaka was the rain.
The right-hander mowed through the first eight batters he faced, extending the streak of 14 2/3 scoreless innings he had twirled in his last two starts. Tanaka didn't allow a hit until a single by Raul Mondesi, who later scored on Dyson's triple off the top of the wall.
Tanaka's only other mistake came on Morales' homer in the fourth inning.
The rain began falling and the tarp came out after the fifth inning, and the delay was long enough to end Tanaka's night. He allowed two runs and four hits while striking out four without a walk.
The Royals got within 4 - 3 in the sixth inning when Cain slapped an RBI double off Adam Warren, then they coaxed across the tying run in the eighth against Tyler Clippard and Betances.
Clippard walked Cain to start the inning. Cain promptly stole second off Betances, and the throw from catcher Gary Sanchez squirted into the outfield, allowing Cain to reach third. He trotted home to knot the game 4-all when Morales lofted a sacrifice fly to center.