TORONTO--Brandon Inge delivered a message to Detroit Tigers fans after a second consecutive loss to open the season: This isn't last year.
Rod Barajas hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth inning, Scott Rolen hit a solo homer and Aaron Hill had a three - run drive for Toronto, which trailed 3 - 0 after seven innings. The Blue Jays beat Detroit 12 - 5 on Monday.
The Tigers lost their first seven games last season and finished in the AL Central basement, never living up to their billing after adding Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis in an offseason trade with the Florida Marlins.
Adam Lind got the winning rally started with a one - out walk against Brandon Lyon (0 - 1). Pinch-runner Jose Bautista went to third on Rolen's single to right and Lyle Overbay was walked intentionally to load the bases for Barajas, who lofted a flyball into center field. Bautista scored without a throw from Curtis Granderson.
B. J. Ryan (1 - 0) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Inge in the ninth.
The Tigers wasted a terrific effort by Edwin Jackson, who allowed just one hit in the first seven innings and was let down by his defense and Lyon.
Jackson, the first to console Lyon after the game ended, said the Tigers have enough chemistry to stick together.
Rolen led off the eighth with a drive to left and Overbay reached on third baseman Inge's throwing error. Jackson got Barajas to pop out before he was replaced by Bobby Seay, who coaxed Travis Snider into a fielder's choice.
Lyon then relieved Seay and yielded a single to Marco Scutaro before Hill hit a go-ahead drive that just got over the wall in left.
Hill, who flied out to the track in his previous at-bat, pumped his fist twice on his way to first, but each pump had a different meaning.
Acquired in an offseason trade with Tampa Bay, Jackson allowed one run and two hits. He struck out four and walked one.
Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third and the Tigers added two more in the seventh, taking advantage of sloppy play by pitcher David Purcey. Marcus Thames' RBI double put runners on second and third, and the Tigers decided to intentionally walk Inge.
Purcey's first pitch sailed to the backstop. Barajas fielded the carom and threw to Purcey at the plate, sending Carlos Guillen back to third. But the left-hander uncorked another wild throw, firing the ball into center field trying to catch Thames returning to second. Guillen came home to make it 3 - 0.
Purcey allowed three runs, two earned, and five hits in seven innings.
Detroit loaded the bases in the seventh but Shawn Camp got out of it when Gerald Laird popped to first.