WASHINGTON--The Washington Nationals will never want to sit Cristian Guzman again, not if he keeps hitting like this.
Guzman set a franchise season record Wednesday night with his eighth consecutive multihit game, capping it with a bases-clearing double in the decisive eighth inning. The Nationals played spoiler by beating the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 7, taking the series and allowing the New York Mets to open a three - game lead in the NL East.
Guzman went 3 - for - 5, scored twice and had three RBIs. He is batting.538 (21 - for - 39) during a streak that has made him first Washington-
based player to get at least two hits in eight straight games in one season since Joe Cronin of the old Senators in 1933.
The Nationals are unbeaten when Guzman is in the lineup during his remarkable run. They won seven straight before manager Manny Acta gave him a day of rest Tuesday, when the Nationals were beaten 4 - 0 by the Phillies.
Ryan Howard hit his 38th and 39th home runs for the Phillies, but reliever Chad Durbin (5 - 4) had a bad night as Philadelphia failed to keep pace with the Mets ahead of their crucial three - game series at Shea Stadium starting Friday. New York beat Milwaukee 9 - 2 on Wednesday afternoon.
The Phillies led 5 - 4 when Durbin entered the game with two outs and nobody on in the seventh. Manuel wanted a righty-righty matchup against Zimmerman, but the move backfired when Zimmerman deposited Durbin's third pitch to straightaway center field for his 11th homer.
Durbin allowed three hits in four batters in the eighth, capped by pinch-hitter Ronnie Belliard's RBI single that gave the Nationals a 6 - 5 lead. J. C. Romero entered and walked Emilio Bonifacio, loading the bases for Guzman's three - run double that hit the base of the wall in left and made it 9 - 5.
The Phillies rallied for two runs in the ninth off reliever Joel Hanrahan, but it wasn't enough as they lost their first series in Washington since 2006.
Saul Rivera (5 - 5), one of seven Nationals pitchers, threw a scoreless eighth to get the victory to finish an 8 - 1 homestand.