OAKLAND, Calif.--Dallas Braden won't even try to explain his dominance of the Baltimore Orioles. The Oakland left-hander only knows he likes the results.
Braden scattered three hits over seven innings to win his second consecutive start and got plenty of offensive and defensive support from his teammates in the Athletics' 4 - 2 win over the Orioles on Friday night.
The A's turned two double plays, shortstop Cliff Pennington made several stellar plays and Oakland got all nine of its hits off Kevin Millwood.
Braden, who only has 16 career wins, improved to 5 - 1 with a 1.57 ERA in six career appearances against the Orioles.
Braden, pitching with permanent numbness in his left foot as a result of nerve damage suffered in 2009, retired the first 10 batters he faced until Nick Markakis doubled down the right-field line in the fourth inning.
Markakis was stranded, though, when Miguel Tejada fouled out to first baseman Daric Barton and Matt Wieters grounded out.
The A's lefty was cruising again in the fifth with two outs, but issued a four - pitch walk to Garrett Atkins before Ty Wigginton's home run trimmed Oakland's lead to 4 - 2.
Baltimore couldn't get anything else going. Braden, who grew up in Stockton 70 miles north of Oakland, faced only three batters over the minimum in seven innings, getting a 3 - 6 - 6 double play on his final pitch.
Gabe Gross had three hits and Cliff Pennington tripled in two runs in the fifth for the A's, who have won eight straight home games against the Orioles. Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his first save.
"If you're not going to hit a bunch of home runs, you have to link hits together, you have to get timely hits, run the bases, make the plays in the field and get good pitching," Oakland manager Bob Geren. "That's pretty much what we did. It was a good all-around effort by everybody."
The Orioles fell to 1 - 10, their worst start since opening the 1988 season with 21 consecutive losses. Meanwhile, the A's are tied for the second-best record in the American League at 8 - 4.
Brad Ziegler pitched one shutout inning before Bailey, the 2009 AL Rookie of the Year, worked the ninth to complete the game in a tidy 2 hours, 9 minutes.
Oakland jumped on Millwood early. Jake Fox hit a sacrifice fly to drive in Kevin Kouzmanoff in the second inning, and the A's added an unearned run off Millwood (0 - 2) in the third to make it 2 - 0.
The A's added two more runs in the fourth, getting back-to-back singles from Fox and Gross before Pennington's triple to right.
Millwood finished with nine strikeouts, but also gave up nine hits in six innings. The right-hander has a respectable 2.89 ERA, but is winless in three starts this season for the first time since 2005.