NEW YORK--Not a bad way to bust out of a slump.
Ike Davis finally snapped his prolonged funk at the plate with a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning, and the New York Mets rallied past the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Sunday night to end an eight - game losing streak at home.
Before the game, Davis had a meeting with manager Terry Collins and GM Sandy Alderson, who also spoke to reporters and addressed weeks of speculation about whether the first baseman should be demoted to the minors.
Alderson said there was no deadline for such a decision, and hours later Davis delivered his biggest hit of an agonizing season.
Shaun Marcum struck out a career-high 12 and Lucas Duda homered for the Mets, who stopped Atlanta's eight - game winning streak and avoided a three - game sweep. The Braves had won 15 of 18 against New York and five in a row at Citi Field.
Pinch-hitter Justin Turner led off the eighth with a single against Cory Gearrin (1 - 1). David Wright struck out but Duda punched a ground-rule double to left for his third hit, and John Buck's run-scoring single tied it at 2.
Pinch-hitter Mike Baxter was hit by a pitch to load the bases for Davis.
He got one, pulling a two - run single through the right side for a 4 - 2 Mets lead.
After the game, the affable Davis cracked a smile when he found a crowd of reporters waiting at his locker.
Davis began the night batting.148 with nine RBIs. He finished 2 for 3 with a walk after entering in a 2 - for - 44 slide that included 19 strikeouts. It was his first hit in his last 27 at-bats with runners in scoring position.
LaTroy Hawkins (1 - 0) worked a scoreless inning and Bobby Parnell struck out two in the ninth for his seventh save. It was a spirited and heartening win for the Mets heading into their Subway Series against the crosstown-rival New York Yankees beginning Monday night.
Marcum went seven innings for his longest outing in six starts with the Mets. His only costly mistake came on Dan Uggla's two - run homer in the seventh that put Atlanta ahead 2 - 1.
Duda hit a leadoff shot to right off Julio Teheran in the fourth, giving him nine home runs and 16 RBIs this season. It also extended his career-best hitting streak to 10 games.
Marcum allowed a leadoff single in the first to Andrelton Simmons, quickly erased on a hard-hit double play, and didn't permit another hit until the sixth. The only baserunner the Braves managed during that stretch came when Uggla was hit by a pitch in the second.
After that, Marcum retired 13 straight batters before Simmons reached down and floated a flare over shortstop with two outs in the sixth. Hustling all the way out of the box, Simmons legged it out for a double. He was stranded when Jason Heyward took a called third strike.
Relying on an effective slider and changeup to go with his 85 mph fastball, Marcum cooled off the Atlanta bats with finesse. He struck out slumping B. J. Upton looking to end the seventh, surpassing his previous career high of 11 strikeouts set on June 16, 2007, with Toronto against Washington.
It was the right-hander's fourth career double-digit strikeout game and first since July 20, 2010, with Toronto against Cleveland.
Freeman fanned four times and B. J. Upton three for the Braves, who lead the NL in strikeouts.