MIAMI--A comfortable win before a small, subdued crowd is as much excitement as the Atlanta Braves want in the final days of the race for a playoff berth.
Rookie Randall Delgado pitched five innings for his first major-league win Tuesday night, and the Braves put the brakes on their recent skid by beating the Florida Marlins 4 - 0.
Atlanta began the night leading St. Louis by 2½ games in the NL wild-card race after blowing a ninth-inning lead to lose Monday. The margin was 10½ games on Aug. 25.
The 21-year-old right-hander, making his sixth career start, pitched around five hits and lowered his ERA to 2.70.
The announced attendance was 21,733, and with the turnout perhaps half that total, the home team gave fans little to cheer about. Cristhian Martinez and Anthony Varvaro both retired six consecutive batters to complete the 16th shutout for Atlanta, which ties for third-most in the majors.
The Braves won for only the seventh time in their past 19 games.
Freddie Freeman hit his 20th home run. Alex Gonzalez hit his 15th but left the game in the sixth inning with a strained right calf. His status is day to day.
Martin Prado drove in a run and had three of the Braves' 11 hits. Michael Bourn contributed his 56th stolen base, most in the majors, and his 34th double.
Braves right fielder Jason Heyward had eight putouts, including several on running grabs.
The Marlins went 0 for 3 with runners in scoring position, leaving them 0 for 11 in the series in those situations. Florida fell to 1 - 7 at home against Atlanta this year.
Anibal Sanchez (8 - 9) lost to the Braves for the third time this season in as many starts. He allowed three runs in five innings but retired the last 11 batters he faced.
It looked as though the Braves' recent slump might continue when they put runners at second and third with no outs in the first and failed to score.
But they bounced back with three runs in the second. Alex Gonzalez hit the first pitch for a homer, and Heyward doubled. Bourn hit a one - out double and scored on Prado's single.
Freeman homered off Brian Sanches in the sixth to make it 4 - 0.
The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the third, but shortstop Gonzalez turned a soft liner by Logan Morrison into an unassisted double play. There were no Florida threats in the late innings, with Braves pitchers retiring the final 13 batters.