CINCINNATI--Ubaldo Jimenez was feeling good warming up before his start at Cincinnati and it carried over to his best game in over a month.
Jimenez reached 100 mph on the Great American Ball Park scoreboard radar several times and still was getting to 97 in the eighth inning, and his power was enough to send the Reds to their fifth consecutive loss with a 6 - 2 win.
Jimenez turned in his longest outing in more than a month and Seth Smith homered as the Rockies picked up their third consecutive win following a three - game losing streak.
Ian Stewart added a two - run single to help drop the Reds into a tie for last place with Pittsburgh in the NL Central Division. The Reds have lost 11 of their last 12 games.
After allowing a run in each of his first two innings, Jimenez (8 - 9) settled down and strung together six shutout innings before turning the game over to the Rockies bullpen. The right-hander finished with five hits and two runs with eight strikeouts, leaving manager Jim Tracy beaming.
The stint was Jimenez's longest since he threw his only complete game of the season in a 6 - 4 win over Seattle on June 12. He hadn't gone more than seven innings in any of his next eight starts.
Left-hander Joe Beimel, acquired from Washington just before Friday's non-waiver trade deadline, pitched the ninth for Colorado.
Reds third baseman Scott Rolen went 0 - for - 4 in his first game with Cincinnati after being acquired Friday in a trade with Toronto. Rolen, who arrived in Cincinnati from Oakland about 4 a.m., turned down the chance offered by manager Dusty Baker to take the night off.
Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead on Joey Votto's RBI groundout. Jonny Gomes made it 2 - 0 with a solo home run to left field, his 11th of the season, on a 100 mph pitch.
Colorado wiped that out with a three - run fourth. Stewart drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single, snapping a 0 - for - 12 slump, and Carlos Gonzalez gave the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead with a sacrifice fly. That was all Jimenez needed.
Smith hit a solo home run to right with one out in the fifth, his ninth homer of the season and first since July 16 at San Diego. Colorado added a run in the sixth when Brad Hawpe led off with a single and scored all the way from first on Troy Tulowitzki's line drive on a hit-and run that sailed through the spot just vacated by the second baseman Brandon Phillips.
That was the last hit allowed by Cincinnati starter Homer Bailey (2 - 3), who gave up five runs in 5 1/3 innings as the Reds suffered their 11th loss in their last 12 games.
Colorado added a run on Clint Barmes' sacrifice fly off of Carlos Fisher in the ninth.