The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Phoenix Suns, 103 - 89, at AT & T Center on Friday night. Shortly before tip - off, the Spurs (27 - 13) announced that LaMarcus Aldridge would get the night off for rest. However his absence was offset by the return of the talented trio of Kawhi Leonard, Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili, who'd all sat for the same reasons in San Antonio's most recent game Wednesday evening. The Suns (15 - 26) hit the floor ready to do battle, however, as they worked the home squad to a 26 - 26 draw in the first quarter. The Spurs were able to gain some distance in the second period before Phoenix battled back in the third to enter the final 12 minutes trailing by a manageable 80 - 72 deficit. San Antonio finally drove the nail in the coffin with an 11 - 2 run between the 8:30 and 5:42 mark of the fourth quarter, which extended their lead to a comfortable 97 - 78 margin. The visitors did themselves no favors with poor ball security, as they committed a total of 23 turnovers. Devin Booker led the way for the Suns with 21 points, which he complemented with five rebounds, four assists and one steal. Marquese Chriss posted 12 points, seven rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Josh Jackson drew the start for T.J. Warren (illness) and produced 11 points, five rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Alex Len and Troy Daniels led the bench with matching 10 - point tallies, with the former adding five boards and the latter supplying three assists, two boards and two steals. Tyson Chandler mustered a modest three points but also hauled in 12 boards. Leonard paced the Spurs with 21 points, three boards, three assists, four steals and three blocks. Ginobili matched Leonard's scoring total and also registered three assists, one rebound, two steals and one block. Bryn Forbes poured in 16 points and added three rebounds, one assist and three steals. Pau Gasol contributed 15 points and seven rebounds. Davis Bertans supplied 12 points, seven boards, one assist and one block. Parker generated four points, seven assists and two rebounds. The Suns head back home to take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday evening, while the Spurs hit the road to tangle with the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday night as well.