SEATTLE--Though the Mariners are the team in a tight playoff race, it was the Houston Astros who played like contenders Tuesday night.
Jonathan Villar hit a tiebreaking single in the ninth inning to lift Collin McHugh and the Astros to a 2 - 1 victory over Seattle.
Logan Morrison homered off McHugh in the eighth to tie it, but Houston countered and dropped the Mariners a half-game out in the race for the second AL wild card.
With two outs in the ninth, Yoervis Medina (4 - 3) walked Jon Singleton and he advanced to second on a wild pitch. Singleton moved to third on Matt Dominguez's single to deep shortstop.
Villar bounced a 1 - 1 fastball from Charlie Furbush to the right of second baseman Robinson Cano, who made a dive for the ball as it skipped over his glove and rolled into right field.
Houston (64 - 81) has won 13 of 21, and the Astros are nearly halfway through a stretch that has them facing playoff contenders in 18 straight games.
McHugh (9 - 9) permitted only two hits in eight innings--an infield single in the fourth and Morrison's long homer off the facade of the second deck in right field. The right-hander struck out four and walked none.
Josh Fields worked the ninth for his fourth save.
Roenis Elias pitched six innings for the Mariners, allowing one run and six hits. He walked two and struck out four.
The Astros scored with two outs in the fourth. With Jake Marisnick on first, Singleton sent a line shot to right that hit the yellow line at the top of the 8-foot wall.
In his attempt to gather it in, right fielder Michael Saunders bobbled the ball twice. That allowed Marisnick to beat the relay home on the double.
A replay review kept the Astros off the board in the sixth.
With two outs and runners on first and second, Singleton bounced a grounder to the right of Morrison at first base. He made a high toss to Elias covering. Elias leaped for the ball and came down on the bag at the same time as Singleton.
Singleton was ruled safe, and Chris Carter raced across the plate. McClendon challenged the call at first, which was reversed.
Joe Beimel pitched to one batter in the ninth for his 50th appearance. That gave the Mariners seven relievers with at least 50 appearances, matching the major league record set by the 2002 Atlanta Braves.