MILWAUKEE (AP)--Brewers manager Ned Yost had two big decisions to make. He picked correctly each time.
Yost decided to keep a scuttling Mike Cameron in the lineup and pull starter Seth McClung after just 78 pitches for his bullpen to take over.
Cameron hit a two - run homer, McClung continued his resurgence as a starter and the bullpen pulled through, lifting the Brewers to a 4 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Sunday.
Yost left Corey Hart out of the starting lineup, putting Gabe Kapler in right field instead of sitting Cameron.
The Brewers snapped a six - game losing streak in interleague play dating to last season and avoided being swept in the first series of a nine - game interleague homestand.
Relievers Brian Shouse, Guillermo Mota and Salomon Torres, who picked up his eighth save, each pitched a hitless inning after the bullpen gave up 13 runs--though only six earned--the previous two games. Yost debated whether to send McClung back out before selecting Shouse.
Mota, who struck out the side in the eighth, got some help from plate umpire Brian Runge, who called strike three on Brendan Harris after Harris asked for time but didn't get it. Harris wasn't looking and was shocked that the pitch was thrown. Twins manager Ron Gardenhire was ejected for arguing the call.
Harris said he saw catcher Jason Kendall setting up to catch after he'd asked for time, but thought Mota might be changing the ball. Then came the pitch.
Gardenhire was still upset after the game.
Cameron had been 6 - for - 45 before his at-bat in the sixth, when hit a fastball from Twins starter Scott Baker (2 - 2) into the Brewers bullpen to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead. Baker had walked Russell Branyan, who added a two - out RBI single in the first, on four pitches before Cameron connected.
Cameron finished 2 - for - 3, also scoring on Kendall's single in the eighth.
McClung (4 - 3) continued his superb turnaround since leaving the long relief role in the bullpen, scattering two runs and four hits. The righty nicknamed "Chucky" after the horror movie character has pitched six innings in each of his last three starts, giving up a total of five earned runs with 13 strikeouts against just one walk.
Minnesota, which finished a tough road trip 3 - 7, built a 2 - 1 lead after a homer by Jason Kubel in the fifth and a sacrifice fly by Alexi Casilla in the sixth, but that was all the Twins got against McClung.
Baker fanned out four batters in the third to become the first Twins pitcher to accomplish the feat, finishing with a strikeout of Cameron.
But the righty, who hasn't won a game since April 9, couldn't get around Cameron again in the sixth and was finished after the inning, allowing seven hits and two walks with nine strikeouts.