PHILADELPHIA--The Phillies got a big lift from their bench.
Freddy Galvis and Darin Ruf homered and Carlos Ruiz drove in go-ahead run with an eighth-inning sacrifice fly to lead the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night.
Ken Giles (3 - 1) struck out the side in a scoreless eighth to help the Phillies to their fifth win in six games.
Asdrubal Cabrera homered for the Nationals, who lost consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 4 - 5.
Cole Hamels took a lead into the eighth before giving up a leadoff homer to Cabrera. The left-hander was lifted for Giles after that batter, finishing with three runs allowed on eight hits with five strikeouts and a walk.
Gio Gonzalez (6 - 10) gave up three runs on six hits in six innings to extend his winless streak to nine starts. Gonzalez is 0 - 6 with a 4.35 ERA since winning his last game on July 5.
Galvis and Ruf were among the right-handed reserves manager Ryne Sandberg inserted into the lineup against the left-handed Gonzalez.
Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth for his 33rd save in 35 chances.
The Phillies scored the go-ahead run in the eighth off Tyler Clippard (7 - 3). Ben Revere led off and reached on an error by shortstop Kevin Frandsen. Revere originally was ruled out by first-base umpire Gary Cederstrom, but the call was overturned after a 2:59 delay. It was the second call of the game by Cederstrom that was overturned.
Revere stole second, went to third on Jimmy Rollins' fly out and scored when Ruiz flew out to deep center.
Gonzalez blanked the Phillies through four innings of two - hit ball before giving up two runs in the fourth. Grady Sizemore led off with a triple and Galvis hit a high fastball over the fence in left to put Philadelphia up 2 - 0. It was the first homer since last September for Galvis, who was recalled from Triple-A Saturday and had been 2 - for - 45 this season prior to the homer.
Ruf's two - out solo shot in the sixth gave Philadelphia a three - run advantage.
The Phillies clinched the series victory, giving them three straight series wins for the first time since last July.