PHOENIX--Mark Trumbo's bat put a dent in San Francisco's NL West hopes.
Wade Miley's left arm didn't do the Giants any favors either.
Trumbo hit a grand slam off Ryan Vogelsong, Miley pitched seven effective innings and the Giants dropped further behind in the NL West with a 6 - 2 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks Monday night.
Joaquin Arias had three hits and Buster Posey a run-scoring single for the Giants, who dropped four games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers in the NL West.
A pair of losses to the Dodgers over the weekend hurt San Francisco's NL West chances, but the Giants were still in control of the NL wild card, entering Monday's game three games up on Pittsburgh for the top spot.
What the Giants couldn't afford was a letdown in a three - game series at Chase Field, where they had won 16 of 22 games and six straight series since 2012.
The start of this series against the struggling Diamondbacks didn't go so well.
Miley (8 - 11) bounced back from his shortest outing of the season by slowing down his mechanics, allowing one run.
Trumbo started Arizona's homestand strong and kept it going against the Giants, hitting his ninth homer off Vogelsong (8 - 11) in the third inning and a run-scoring single off Juan Gutierrez in the seventh. Trumbo has six hits and nine RBIs the past three games.
Vogelsong pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings against the Diamondbacks his last outing, but was in trouble by the third in his 30th start of the season. The Diamondbacks loaded the bases against him and Trumbo cashed in, ending a 120 at-bat homerless streak by lifting his second career grand slam just over the wall in right.
Arizona loaded the bases again in the sixth against Vogelsong, but Javier Lopez ended the threat by inducing a groundout on his first pitch.
Vogelsong allowed four runs and six hits with four walks and five strikeouts.
It was a bad inning; it wasn't very good," Vogelsong said.
Miley had his shortest outing of the season his last start against the Giants, lasting just two innings after giving up three runs and five hits.
The left-hander tried to throw too hard in that outing and spent the days in between trying to slow things down. He did against the Giants in his 100th career start, escaping a jam in the second inning and giving up one run on Brandon Crawford's groundout in the seventh.