DENVER (AP)--Aaron Cook doesn't consider himself a stopper, but he's certainly pitching like one.
Cook gave the Rockies the strong outing they needed, Matt Holliday had two hits and two RBIs and the Colorado Rockies beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 2 on Sunday to end a four - game losing streak.
It was the fifth time Cook (5 - 1) stopped a Rockies' losing streak, and for the third straight start he ended a four - game losing streak. The Rockies are 6 - 1 when Cook starts and 6 - 18 in other games.
Since giving up four earned runs in losing his first start of the season, Cook has been stingy. He's given up 13 earned runs and averaged seven innings in his last six starts--all of them Colorado victories. He hasn't walked a batter in his last two starts.
Taylor Buchholz pitched a perfect final 1 2/3 innings to pick up his first save of the season.
Andre Ethier homered for the Dodgers, who had their eight - game winning streak snapped. Derek Lowe (2 - 2) took the loss.
Cook mixed his sinker and fastball to record 17 groundouts, and at one point he recorded five straight. He scattered nine hits and struck out two. He left after giving up Juan Pierre's RBI single that made it 6 - 2.
Cook retired the first 10 batters and 13 of the first 14. He gave up a one - out solo homer to Ethier and a single to Blake DeWitt in the fifth, but he got Chin-lung Hu to hit into an inning-ending double play.
Pinch-hitter Delwyn Young led off the sixth with a single, but Cook got hot-hitting Rafael Furcal to ground into a double play.
The Rockies jumped on Lowe early. Omar Quintanilla doubled home Scott Podsednik, Holliday singled home Quintanilla, and then Lowe walked two to load the bases with no outs. He had already thrown more than 40 pitches by the time he got his first out, but he minimized the damage by allowing only one more run in the first. It took him 51 pitches to get out of the first inning.
Lowe settled down after that, and he retired 11 straight at one stretch before Cook singled to lead off the fifth. He gave up RBI singles to Holliday and Garrett Atkins and left after the fifth inning.
The Rockies cushioned their lead in the sixth when Podsednik singled to drive in Chris Iannetta to make it 6 - 1.