The Detroit Pistons defeated the Dallas Mavericks, 113 - 106, in overtime at Little Caesars Arena on Friday evening. The Pistons (38 - 41) came in on a hot streak despite a recent elimination from postseason contention. Meanwhile, the Mavericks (25 - 55) were on the opposite end of the spectrum, having dropped nine of their previous 11 contests. Nevertheless, in a contest between two teams with nothing to lose, anything can happen. Accordingly, Detroit and Dallas punched and counter - punched throughout the evening, and a game - tying three - point jumper by Johnathan Motley with 11 seconds remaining in regulation ultimately sent the game into overtime. The home squad dominated from the 2:15 mark of the extra period onward, however, going on an 8 - 1 run to seal the hard - fought victory. Motley led the way for the Mavericks with a 26 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two steals. Harrison Barnes produced 17 points and four rebounds across 31 minutes. Dorian Finney-Smith generated a 15 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and one steal. Dwight Powell delivered 13 points, seven rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Dennis Smith, Jr. took the court despite recent knee issues but only managed seven points on 2 - for - 12 shooting and also provided eight assists, three rebounds and one steal across 31 minutes. Reggie Jackson paced the Pistons with 24 points and seven assists. Andre Drummond compiled a 19 - point, 16 - rebound double - double that also included five assists, two blocks and one steal. Anthony Tolliver poured in 16 points and also registered three rebounds, two assists and one steal. Langston Galloway finished with a bench - leading 15 points and also supplied four rebounds, one assist and one steal. Stanley Johnson went for 11 points, six rebounds, four assists, two steals and one block. Henry Ellenson matched Johnson's scoring total and added five rebounds. The Mavericks remain on the road and next visit the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday afternoon, while the Pistons pay a visit to the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday afternoon, as well.