CLEVELAND--The Cleveland Indians looked like anything but a playoff contender for most of Sunday's game against Minnesota.
The Indians committed four errors and made several other mistakes, both in the field and on the bases. In other words, they did just about everything a team could do to lose.
As has been the case several times this season, however, manager Terry Francona's team defied the odds. Drew Stubbs hit a tiebreaking, two - out homer in the eighth inning and the Indians overcame themselves for a 3 - 1 victory.
Second baseman Jason Kipnis, who had one of the errors and drove in a run, had a similar point of view.
The win moved Cleveland to within 1½ games of Oakland for the AL's second wild-card spot as the Indians start a crucial road trip to Atlanta and Detroit that begins Tuesday.
Twins manager Ron Gardenhire struggled to come up with a reason for why his team lost.
Stubbs homered to dead center on a 0 - 1 pitch from Jared Burton (2 - 7) to snap a 1-all tie and lift the Indians to their fifth win in six games. Joe Smith (5 - 1) pitched a scoreless eighth and Chris Perez worked the ninth for his 21st save.
Stubbs is making a habit of late-game saves. His two - run homer in the 14th inning on Wednesday was the key blow in a 4 - 1 win.
Burton retired the first two hitters in the eighth before Stubbs hit his ninth home run of the season to the deepest part of the ballpark. Michael Bourn turned his routine hit to center by hustling into second for a double and scored on Nick Swisher's single.
Pitchers Scott Kazmir and Cody Allen and shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera had throwing errors while Kipnis dropped a soft line drive. The Twins failed to take advantage of the Indians' generosity. Minnesota stranded 13 runners and was 3 for 19 with runners in scoring position.
Neither starter was involved in the decision. Kazmir allowed one run and struck out eight in six innings while Mike Pelfrey walked six in five innings, but held Cleveland to one run and two hits.
The Indians, who stranded 12 baserunners, took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Kipnis' RBI single.
Cleveland's shoddy defense helped Minnesota tie the game in the fifth. Clete Thomas led off with a single, took second on a sacrifice and moved to third on Brian Dozier's single. Thomas scored when Doug Bernier pushed a bunt to the right side of the mound. Swisher fielded the ball, but no one covered first and Bernier reached with a single.
Josh Willingham struck out, but Ryan Doumit walked to load the bases. The inning finally ended when Trevor Plouffe lined out to third baseman Lonnie Chisenhall.
A double and Cabrera's bad throw put runners at second and third with one out in the Twins' fourth, but Kazmir worked out of the jam. Wilkin Ramirez flied out to shallow right field and Chris Colabello struck out.
The Twins played the final game of a stretch that saw them play 27 games in 27 days.