MILWAUKEE--Trying to rally past the Minnesota Twins became of little concern to the Milwaukee Brewers after a fan fell into their bullpen Tuesday night.
The man was motionless for some nervous moments, and reliever Brandon Kintzler thought the fan had died.
Medical personnel rushed to the scene and the man regained consciousness before being carted off on a stretcher, delaying the start of the eighth inning of the Brewers' 6 - 4 loss to Minnesota.
Eventually, the man began moving his fingers, Kintzler said. Medical personnel brought him through the bullpen door in left-center and loaded him on to the cart. He appeared to have a brace around his neck, and a white bandage wrapped around his forehead.
The man fell from a dining area roughly 15 feet above the bullpen that is lined with a metal railing about four feet high. Kintzler suspected he was initially caught by netting above the bullpen.
The Brewers said the fan was conscious and alert, and was being taken to Froedtert Hospital.
Both teams hoped for the best following a game highlighted by Josh Willingham's three - run homer in the third off Yovani Gallardo (3 - 4) for a 4 - 1 lead.
Twins closer Glen Perkins gave Milwaukee a chance by walking the first two batters in the ninth. A run scored on Ryan Braun's sacrifice fly to the warning track in right before Carlos Gomez struck out for the final out, allowing Perkins to salvage his 15th save.
Perkins held on after Samuel Deduno (2 - 3) tossed five bumpy innings, allowing two runs and six hits with four walks. The right-hander benefited from three double plays, two of which ended innings with runners in scoring position.
Brian Dozier hit a two - run homer in the fifth into the Brewers' bullpen for a 6 - 2 lead. He finished 3 for 3 with a walk.
Minnesota left Milwaukee with a split of two games before the interleague home-and-home series moves to Target Field for two more contests. Willingham hit three homers and drove in seven runs during the five - game road trip against the Yankees and Brewers.
The way Willingham has been swinging the bat, it makes it easy to forget he had a left wrist injury that kept him out of the lineup for nearly seven weeks. All four of the outfielder's home runs have come since he returned from the disabled list May 26.
Willingham's latest homer came on a first-pitch slider from Gallardo, who labored through his worst outing of the season. The righty allowed six runs and eight hits in five innings.