CHICAGO--The Chicago Cubs are really rolling now. Even little Tony Campana has a homer, and manager Mike Quade called it before the game.
Campana drove in a pair of runs with an inside-the-park homer and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Friday for their sixth consecutive victory.
It was the first major league homer for the 5-foot-8, 165-pound Campana, who also singled, doubled and made a nice catch in center field. Campana became the first Cub to hit an inside-the-park shot at Wrigley Field for his first homer.
It also came shortly after Quade, while discussing Chicago's recent power surge before the game, predicted Campana would get one against the Reds.
"What a day (Campana) had, huh? Little son of a gun got off the plane--I don't even know if he slept--and did one heck of a job."
Ryan Dempster (9 - 8) struggled with his control, matching his season high with six walks, but held the Reds to two runs and four hits in six innings.
Carlos Marmol worked the ninth for his 24th save in 31 chances and third in as many days. He is 5 - for - 5 since he returned to the closer role after being temporarily removed from the back end of games because of control problems.
Ramon Hernandez homered for Cincinnati, which has lost three of four since a three - game sweep of the San Francisco Giants. Brandon Phillips and rookie Yonder Alonso each had two hits, but the Reds picked up their 26th one - run loss of the season, most in the majors.
Reds starter Mike Leake (9 - 7) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings. He also had an RBI single in Cincinnati's two - run fourth that trimmed Chicago's lead to 3 - 2.
The Cubs jumped on Leake in the first. Starlin Castro hit a leadoff single and Campana followed with a slicing drive that landed inside the left-field line, bounced off the brick wall in foul territory and rolled past stumbling left fielder Alonso.
Campana, among the fastest players in baseball, zipped around the bases and scored standing up before the Reds could even return the ball to the infield, electrifying the crowd while some fans were still looking for their seats.
It was the Cubs' first inside-the-park homer at Wrigley Field since Sammy Sosa accomplished the feat against the Pirates on Oct. 6, 2001.
Campana, who is from Kettering, Ohio, and played college ball at the University of Cincinnati, never homered in 1,308 plate appearances in the minor leagues, though he said he did have an inside-the-parker in a Double-A playoff game last season.
Colvin added his fourth homer in the second inning, a drive into the right-field bleachers. It was his fourth career homer off Leake.
Castro also singled in the second and eighth, upping his NL-best hit total to 146.
Hernandez struck out to leave the bases loaded in the first, but the Reds rallied with two out in the fourth. With runners on first and second, Leake hit a shallow fly to center. Campana raced in and made a diving attempt, but the ball popped out of his glove when he struck the ground, allowing Alonso to score. Frazier then scored on a wild pitch.
Campana got another chance in the seventh and hauled in Phillips' deep drive to center just left of the 400-foot sign.
Carlos Pena added a sacrifice fly in the bottom half, but Hernandez connected against Kerry Wood in the eighth. Hernandez's 11th homer cut Chicago's lead to 4 - 3.
But the day belonged to the baby-faced Campana.