ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Alex Rodriguez and the New York Yankees are heading to Baltimore for a key division series with some positive momentum.
New York went ahead with help from a Tampa Bay error, Russell Martin homered and had three RBIs and the Yankees regained sole possession of first-place in the division with a 6 - 4 win over the Rays on Wednesday night.
Eliot Johnson's errant throw to home plate that led to two runs in the seventh inning lifted New York to its fifth win in 15 games.
New York sat atop the division standings for 84 consecutive days--its longest streak since 2004--until Tuesday night's 5 - 2 loss to Tampa Bay dropped the Yankees into a tie with Baltimore. They moved back into first place when the Orioles lost to Toronto 6 - 4. New York leads the Rays by 2 1 - 2 games.
A-Rod had a run-scoring double in the fourth, his first RBI in three - games since returning from the disabled Monday.
The Yankees start a four - game series against manager Buck Showalter's Orioles on Thursday night at Camden Yards.
Andruw Jones and Steve Pearce singled to start the seventh off Matt Moore (10 - 9) before Jayson Nix moved the runners to second and third with a sacrifice bunt. Jeter, who had hits in his previous three at-bats, hit a grounder to Johnson. With the infield playing in, the second baseman's throw was off the mark allowing pinch-runner Ichiro Suzuki and Pearce to score as the Yankees took a 6 - 4 lead.
Ben Zobrist drove in two runs for Tampa Bay, which had won four in a row.
Jeter made a nice running, over-the-shoulder catch on Matt Joyce's flare with two on and two outs in the seventh.
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 36th save.
After blowing a two - run lead, the Yankees went up 4 - 3 on Martin's solo homer in the sixth. He had his batting average climb from.199 to.202.
Tampa Bay quickly pulled even at 4 on Luke Scott's first long ball since July 19 off Hiroki Kuroda (13 - 10) later in the sixth.
After Rodriguez, who returned Monday after missing 36 games with a broken left hand, had an RBI double, Martin drove in a pair on a double that made it 3 - 1 in the fourth.
Evan Longoria put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 on an RBI single in the first inning. Tampa Bay tied it 3-all in the fifth when Zobrist hit a two - run triple.
Kuorda gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings. Moore allowed six runs and eight hits over 6 1/3 innings.