PITTSBURGH--All eyes were supposed to be on Gregory Polanco. But thanks to his new-found success against left-handed pitchers, Anthony Rizzo stole the show.
Gregory Polanco gives the Pirates an excellent three - pack of talented young outfielders, who where will they rank about baseball's best outfield threesomes?
Rizzo homered, doubled twice and drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs over the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 3 Tuesday night, spoiling Polanco's much-anticipated debut.
Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the first inning off lefty Francisco Liriano, who came out in the fourth with discomfort on his right side. Rizzo also doubled and scored in the fourth and hit an RBI double in the seventh, a drive to deep right-center that struck Polanco's left wrist as the touted Pirates rookie tried to make the catch.
Rizzo has five home runs and a.344 batting average in 61 at-bats against left-handers this season. Last year, he batted.189 with seven homers against southpaws in 189 at-bats.
Rizzo has every reason to feel confident. He has five homers in his last 10 games, raising his season total to 13.
Polanco went 1 for 5 after getting called up from Triple-A Indianapolis, where the right fielder was leading the International League with a.347 batting average and 49 RBIs in 62 games.
Pinch-hitter Luis Valbuena's two - run double off Casey Sadler (0 - 1) broke a 3-all tie in the sixth and put Chicago ahead for good.
Travis Wood (6 - 5) allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings.
Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates, his ninth of the season and fifth in nine June games.
Valbuena and Junior Lake each had two hits for the Cubs, as did Pittsburgh's Russell Martin and Starling Marte.
Rizzo scored on a single by Starlin Castro in the seventh to push Chicago's lead to 7 - 3.
Rizzo's homer put the Cubs up 2 - 0, but the Pirates tied it on McCutchen's drive in the third.
In the top of the fourth, Rizzo led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney's double. Pittsburgh tied it again in the bottom half on pinch-hitter Jose Tabata's RBI double.
Liriano allowed two runs in three - plus innings. He bent over and held his back after throwing a pitch to Rizzo, then left the mound after a few warmup pitches.
After leading the Pirates with 16 wins last season, Liriano has struggled this year. He is 1 - 6 with a 4.60 ERA in 14 starts.
Liriano will almost certainly miss his scheduled start Sunday in Miami and could land on the disabled list. Pirates right-hander Gerrit Cole (right shoulder fatigue) went on the DL on Sunday and second baseman Neil Walker (appendectomy) followed him Tuesday.