PHILADELPHIA--Anthony DeSclafani gave his family and friends a performance to enjoy.
DeSclafani threw seven effective innings, Brandon Phillips had three hits and two RBI and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 Thursday night to avoid a three - game sweep.
DeSclafani (4 - 4) allowed four runs and six hits to win his second straight start. The righty grew up an hour away in Freehold, New Jersey. He said between 25 and 30 family members and friends came to see him pitch.
DeSclafani left with two runners on in the eighth and both scored. Aroldis Chapman, whose streak of 29 straight saves ended Wednesday night, tossed a perfect ninth for his 10th save in 11 tries.
Aaron Harang (4 - 6) had his worst start with the Phillies, allowing a season-high six runs--five earned--and six hits with five walks in 5 2/3 innings. Harang pitched at least six innings in each of his first 11 starts and gave up more than three earned runs once. His ERA rose from 2.02 to 2.45.
The Phillies rallied for walk-off wins Tuesday and Wednesday, but couldn't pull off another comeback.
Phillips lined an RBI double to left to tie it at 2 in the fifth. The Reds then took a 3 - 2 lead on a major blunder by catcher Carlos Ruiz.
Todd Frazier hit a grounder to shortstop Freddy Galvis with one out and the bases loaded. Galvis threw home for the force, but Ruiz tagged DeSclafani rather than simply touching the plate. Cincinnati manager Bryan Price challenged and it was ruled Ruiz blocked the plate illegally.
Ruiz wasn't available for comment after the game.
Billy Hamilton hit a two - run single in the sixth to extend the lead to 5 - 2. Phillips followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 2.
Ben Revere hit an RBI double in the eighth and Chase Utley's sacrifice fly got the Phillies to 6 - 4.
Frazier ripped an RBI double in the first after going hitless in 11 at-bats in the series.
Revere hit his NL-leading fifth triple in the first and scored on Jeff Francoeur's groundout to tie it at 1. Utley hit a double and scored on Maikel Franco's double for a 2 - 1 lead.