PHOENIX--Philadelphia manager Pete Mackanin sat at his desk with a dazed look on his face, not sure what to say after a wild game that included 32 hits, 17 runs, great plays and bizarre sequences.
Philadelphia scored two runs in the ninth to beat the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night and needed another rally to set up the sweep.
Arizona went ahead 7 - 4 in the seventh inning on Paul Goldschmidt's two - run double, but the Phillies scored four times in the eighth to go up 8 - 7.
The Diamondbacks fought back in the bottom half, tying it on Jean Segura's infield single, but allowed Jeanmar Gomez (3 - 2) to escape a jam in the ninth.
Peter Bourjos, who earlier had a two - run homer, hit a two - out single off Silvino Bracho (0 - 2) in the 10th and moved to third on Cody Asche's single. Pinch-hitter Tyler Goeddel followed with a line drive to right field for a sacrifice fly and the go-ahead run.
Brett Oberholtzer gave up a one - out single in the 10th, but got the final two outs for his first career save.
Asche had three RBI, Cesar Hernandez finished with four of Philadelphia's 17 hits and the Phillies won for the fourth time in five games.
The Diamondbacks are looking for some way, any way, to win at home.
Arizona went 7 - 3 on a road trip that included a sweep of the Phillies, but returned home to lose three straight, dropping to 13 - 28 at Chase Field.
Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer and Segura had two RBI for Arizona, which piled up 15 hits.
Phillies starter Zach Eflin struggled early before settling into a rhythm.
Lamb, who hit a solo homer Tuesday, hit his ninth home run in June in the first inning off the rookie right-hander, a three - run shot to center.
Segura added a sacrifice fly in the second inning, but Eflin retired 10 of the next 11 batters.
Eflin allowed four runs--three earned--on six hits and struck out three in six innings.
Bradley was sharp in his previous two starts, allowing a run in 11 innings.
The right-hander gave up more than that in the first inning against the Phillies, when Bourjos hit a towering, two - run homer to left.
Eflin hit a leadoff double against Bradley in the fifth inning for his first big league hit and later scored his first run on Asche's double that pulled Philadelphia to 4 - 3.
Bradley allowed three runs on eight hits and struck out four in six innings.