The Indiana Pacers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers, 98 - 80, at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday afternoon in Game 1 of their Eastern Conference first - round playoff series. The Pacers lead the series, 10. The Pacers (10) made a statement from the opening possession and never let up, a surefire recipe for comfortably upsetting the defending Eastern Conference champions on their home court in the opening game of a playoff series. Indiana jumped out to a jaw - dropping 33 - 14 first - quarter lead, with a 29 - 10 run over the final 8:36 of the period playing a pivotal role. The Cavaliers (0 - 1) made it a game through the middle periods, chipping away at their deficit and getting as close as 76 - 69 with 10:29 remaining after a LeBron James driving layup. Indiana would pull away from that point, however, outscoring their hosts by a 22 - 11 margin the rest of the way. Victor Oladipo spearheaded the momentous win, scoring a game - high 32 points on 11 - for - 19 shooting, including 6 - for - 9 from three - point range. The Pacers' defensive effort was key as well, as they limited Cleveland to 38 percent shooting, including 24 percent from behind the arc. Oladipo added six rebounds, four assists, four steals and one block to his aforementioned scoring tally. Myles Turner provided 16 points, eight boards, two assists and one block. Bojan Bogdanovic poured in 15 points and also ripped down six boards, dished out one assist and recorded three steals. Lance Stephenson led the bench with 12 points and also posted five rebounds. Thaddeus Young took only four shots on his way to seven points, three rebounds, one assist and one block. Darren Collison struggled from the field (2 - 9 FG) and finished with six points, six assists, five rebounds and two steals. James paced the Cavaliers with a 24 - point, 12 - assist, 10 - rebound triple - double that also included one steal and one block. J.R. Smith registered 15 points in 29 minutes off the bench and also collected two rebounds and one assist. Larry Nance, Jr. totaled 10 points, five rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Kevin Love generated nine points, 17 rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Rodney Hood matched Love's scoring total and also accounted for two rebounds, one assist and one steal. The two teams will meet again for Game 2 on Wednesday night.