LOS ANGELES--Put the Arizona Diamondbacks in Dodger Stadium, throw in extra innings, and they're tough to beat.
Martin Prado had two RBIs, including a run-scoring double during a four - run 12th inning, to help the D-backs win 8 - 6 on Wednesday night.
The first-place D-backs improved to 8 - 2 in extra innings--6 - 1 on the road--this season and are 17 - 7 at Dodger Stadium since 2011, the best record among NL West opponents. They clinched their fourth consecutive series win over the Dodgers.
There was no repeat of the brawl that occurred in the seventh inning of the Dodgers' 5 - 3 victory a night earlier, when six players and coaches were ejected. No batters were hit by pitches this time.
Before the game, Dodgers manager Don Mattingly talked with D-backs manager Kirk Gibson, who got tossed after the two former stars were among those clashing in the melee.
Eight of the nine games between the teams this season have been decided by three runs or fewer. The Diamondbacks had 20 hits while improving to 7 - 2 against the Dodgers. Seven of their hits were singles, tying for the most in franchise history.
Prado put the Diamondbacks ahead 5 - 4 with a ground-rule double to left field off Ronald Belisario (3 - 5), who was charged with four runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning. He walked two and didn't retire any of the four batters he faced in the 12th.
Arizona made it 6 - 4 on Cliff Pennington's bases-loaded RBI single off Brandon League, the Dodgers' seventh pitcher. League gave up four runs over two - thirds of an inning in Los Angeles' 5 - 1 loss in the series opener Monday.
Gerardo Parra added a two - run single to center.
Josh Collmenter (3 - 0) got the win with two innings of relief. He gave up one hit and struck out two.
Arizona's Cody Ross and Miguel Montero each tied their career highs with four hits.
In the bottom of the 12th, Yasiel Puig scored on a groundout by Mark Ellis. With two runners on, Bell retired pinch hitter Tim Federowicz on a grounder to end it.
Arizona tied the game 4-all on Montero's RBI single in the seventh.
Diamondbacks starter Patrick Corbin had a 3 - 0 cushion when he gave up five consecutive hits with two outs in the fifth, allowing the Dodgers to take a 4 - 3 lead.
Hernandez had an RBI groundout that scored Juan Uribe, who led off with a double.
Dodgers starter Hyun-Jin Ryu tripled to deep right field--the first of his career--and Parra misplayed the ball as it skipped past his outstretched glove. That drove in Alex Castellanos, who reached on a ground-rule double and went to third on Montero's passed ball.
The Dodgers tied the game and went ahead on RBI singles by Nick Punto and Adrian Gonzalez.
The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth. Prado and Didi Gregorius had RBI singles before Prado scored on a double-play grounder by Pennington.
Ryu allowed a season-high 11 hits and three runs, walked two, and tied his season low with two strikeouts.
Although he left the game trailing, Corbin remained undefeated in 13 starts after giving up four runs--tying his season high--and eight hits in five innings, his shortest outing this year. The left-hander, who struck out two and walked none, is 9 - 0 with a 2.28 ERA.