NEW YORK--Neil Walker wore a black T-shirt with No. 21 on the front--Roberto Clemente's number with the Pirates. He glanced up at a television across the Mets clubhouse and saw his beloved Penguins trailing Nashville by four goals in Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final.
No matter how long he's been gone, no matter how much he torments his hometown team at the plate, Walker's proud roots remain in Pittsburgh.
The switch-hitter launched a two - run homer against his old club and New York also got long balls from Jay Bruce and Wilmer Flores in beating the Pirates 4 - 2 on Saturday night to stop a three - game slide.
Robert Gsellman (4 - 3) won his second consecutive start--likely his last before a move to the bullpen. The rookie tossed 5 1/3 effective innings before Fernando Salas escaped a first-and-third jam, and New York's shaky relief corps delivered for a change.
Jerry Blevins worked around an error in a scoreless seventh, and Addison Reed pitched out of trouble for two innings to earn his eighth save in 10 chances.
First baseman Lucas Duda provided defensive help with a terrific catch in foul territory, and Reed threw 36 pitches to close it out.
It was the first of his 114 career saves that required more than four outs.
The Mets have said Gsellman will probably be bumped to the bullpen when Steven Matz and Seth Lugo come off the disabled list. Each made a rehab start Saturday, and both are expected back in a few days.
Pittsburgh rookie Josh Bell homered for the second straight game, and streaking Jordy Mercer doubled twice among his three hits. But the Pirates went 1 for 12 with runners in scoring position and stranded 12 in all.
Rookie starter Tyler Glasnow (2 - 5) lost to the Mets for the second time in seven days.
The 6-foot-8 Glasnow walked his first batter. Two outs later, Walker drove a 3 - 1 pitch into the Pirates' bullpen in right-center for his seventh home run.
Walker, in his second year with the Mets, was born in Pittsburgh and got drafted 11th overall by his hometown team in 2004. He spent his first seven major league seasons with the Pirates before they traded him to New York for pitcher Jonathon Niese.
Last weekend, Walker had a two - homer game at Pittsburgh to help the Mets win the series opener. He has hit safely in all nine career games against the Pirates, batting.361 (13 for 36) with four homers and 10 RBI.