The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Washington Wizards, 148 - 129, at Fiserv Forum on Wednesday evening. The Bucks (40 - 13) had just handed the visiting Wizards (22 - 32) a resounding defeat on Washington's home floor just two games prior, so there was little doubt they'd be able to put up some points at Fiserv Forum, where they'd been especially impressive this season. However, Wednesday's prolific output likely exceeded even the most lofty expectations, as Milwaukee racked up a jaw - dropping 50 points in the first quarter and kept coming the rest of the way. They allowed their fair share of scoring as well, as Washington shot an impressive 52 percent overall, including 46 percent from three - point range. As the final score implies, the hosts were even more impressive, draining 60 percent of their attempts, including 63 percent from distance. Sloppy play was an unfortunate constant for the visitors, as they turned the ball over on 23 occasions. Bradley Beal paced the Wizards with 30 points, adding eight rebounds, four assists, three steals and one block. However, he was also guilty of a game - high eight turnovers. Thomas Bryant generated a 26 - point, 14 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two blocks. Jeff Green supplied 22 points, four rebounds, three assists and one block. Tomas Satoransky turned in a 16 - point, 10 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds and one steal. Sam Dekker led the bench with 12 points. Giannis Antetokounmpo had his way with the Wizards for the second straight game, racking up 43 points, six rebounds, four assists and three steals. Eric Bledsoe posted a 22 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and two steals. Malcolm Brogdon tallied 18 points, five assists, two rebounds and two steals. Khris Middlelton registered 16 points and four assists. Brook Lopez and Ersan Ilyasova pitched in 12 and 11 points, respectively. The Wizards head back home to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday evening, while the Bucks travel to face the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night as well.