DENVER--The Los Angeles Dodgers are reaping the benefits from the most productive run of Ricky Nolasco's career.
Nolasco pitched six strong innings, Carl Crawford had a two - run single among three hits to spark the offense in the absence of injured catalyst Yasiel Puig, and the NL West-leading Dodgers beat the Colorado Rockies 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight win.
Nolasco (12 - 9) allowed two runs and five hits in improving to 7 - 1 with a 2.27 ERA in his 11 starts since coming to the Dodgers on July 6 in a trade with Miami. He struck out five and walked one.
Nolasco kept the Rockies off balance by pitching inside with his fastball and then mixing in his slider.
The Dodgers' deep pitching staff has been complemented by the team's depth among position players, which was tested again in the absence of Puig, who was rested a day after aggravating a right knee strain. He remains day to day.
Crawford went 3 for 5 and Nick Punto added four singles to help bolster the offense.
Jhoulys Chacin (13 - 8) allowed four runs in seven innings in losing to the Dodgers for the first time in four starts this season.
Down two runs, the Rockies pulled within one when pinch-hitter Josh Rutledge, batting for Carlos Gonzalez, led off the eighth with a drive off reliever Paco Rodriguez that reached the bleachers in left. Rodriguez walked Dexter Fowler and was relieved by Ronald Belisario.
After D. J. LeMahieu sacrificed, Belisario got Troy Tulowitzki to line out to short and Fowler was doubled off second when he was caught off the bag.
The Dodgers came back to load the bases with two outs in the ninth against reliever Rex Brothers. Mark Ellis hit a fly ball that kicked off the glove of retreating left fielder Charlie Culberson for an error leading to three unearned runs.
Chris Withrow got the final out for his first save.
The Dodgers opened a 3 - 0 lead in the second, loading the bases on Andre Ethier's double, Ellis' walk and Skip Schumaker's infield single. Tim Federowicz drove in the first run with a sacrifice fly and after Nolasco moved the runners up with another sacrifice, Crawford came through with a two - run single to left.
Adrian Gonzalez put the Dodgers up 4 - 0 with a sacrifice fly in the fifth.
Nolasco had allowed only one hit before Charlie Blackmon doubled with two outs in the fifth. Chacin followed with an RBI single to right.
The Rockies pulled within two after LeMahieu doubled to start the sixth, took third when left fielder Crawford bobbled LeMahieu's liner for an error and scored on Tulowitzki's groundout.