KANSAS CITY, Mo.--He walked the first batter on four pitches.
Would Dontrelle Willis' 10-month struggle to recover from social anxiety and chronic wildness blow up in his face the first time out?
In a word, no. The former two - time National League All-Star walked two batters in the first inning but none over the next five as the Detroit Tigers beat the Kansas City Royals and its shaky bullpen 7 - 3 Thursday, giving hope that Willis' troubles may finally be a thing of the past.
Miguel Cabrera drove homered and drove in four runs for Detroit.
In his previous regular-season start June 14, Willis walked a career-high eight batters in just 3 2/3 innings. Then he went on the disabled list the rest of the season with social anxiety disorder.
If the right-hander can regain the form that made him a star with the Florida Marlins, the Tigers will seem almost certain to contend in the AL Central.
Without a doubt, that was Kansas City's strategy.
Cabrera hit a three - run home run on an 0 - 2 count off Luis Mendoza (0 - 1) in the eighth, putting the Tigers on top 4 - 2. He added an RBI single in the three - run ninth as the Royals' bullpen blew a save for the third straight game.
While losing two of three games in this season-opening series, Royals starters Zack Greinke, Luke Hochevar and Brian Bannister gave up only two earned runs.
Willis allowed two runs on seven hits, with two walks and four strikeouts in six innings.
"He's got every teammate pulling as hard as you could pull for everybody. It's great to see."
Cabrera went 4 for 5 with a three - run homer and an RBI single. In 41 games against the Royals, he's hitting.363 with 13 home runs and 39 RBIs.
Eddie Bonine (1 - 0) pitched an inning of relief, giving up three hits. He escaped unscathed when Alberto Callaspo capped a dreadful day at the plate by grounding out with the bases loaded.
After Dusty Hughes walked Johnny Damon leading off the Detroit eighth, Mendoza (0 - 1) came in and surrendered an infield single to Ordonez, who had a solo home run off starter Bannister in the sixth.
Ramon Colon forced in the final run in the ninth when he hit Ryan Raburn with the bases loaded.
Scott Podsednik went 4 for 5 for the Royals while Callaspo had a day to forget.
The Royals had two runners on base each of the first three times he came to bat but he grounded into two double plays and struck out. Then with the bases loaded and two outs in the eighth, he grounded weakly to Cabrera at first.