SAN DIEGO--The San Diego Padres looked anything like a team that was resting its top two hitters.
Clayton Richard struck out a career-high 10 and drove in two runs, and Scott Hairston hit a three - run double and finished with four RBIs as the Padres routed the Colorado Rockies 13 - 3 on Wednesday to avoid a three - game sweep.
With Adrian Gonzalez and David Eckstein getting the afternoon off following a night game, the Padres' lineup looked more like one from a spring training game. Still, the Padres responded with 14 hits and their third game this season with 13 or more runs.
Every Padres regular had at least one hit and everyone scored at least one run except Scott Hairston. He had four RBIs for the second time in three games--tying his career high--and drove in his older brother twice. Chris Denorfia scored three runs.
The NL West-leading Padres sent 11 batters to the plate in the six - run fourth inning that chased Rockies starter Jeff Francis. The first seven batters reached base and the first six scored. Everth Cabrera hit a bloop RBI double to start the scoring and Richard followed with an RBI single to right.
Jerry Hairston hit a bloop RBI single to right to chase Francis, Denorfia greeted Franklin Morales with a bunt single to load the bases and Scott Hairston cleared the bases with a double into the left-field corner.
Nick Hundley, the eighth batter of the inning, made the first out when he popped up to the catcher.
Francis walked the first two Padres batters in the first and both scored. He got hit on the left arm by a line drive single by Chase Headley with two outs in the first but stayed in the game.
Francis (2 - 3) tied his career high by allowing eight runs and seven hits in three - plus innings, the shortest outing of his career. He walked three and had no strikeouts. He is 5 - 11 in 19 career starts against San Diego, with a 5.70 ERA.
The Rockies had jumped into third place in the NL West by beating the Padres on Monday and Tuesday nights.
Four Rockies pitchers combined to walk eight and hit one batter, five of whom scored.
The Padres added four more runs in the sixth, including Richard's RBI groundout and Cabrera's bases-loaded walk.
Scott Hairston and Headley had RBI singles in the first.
Richard (6 - 4) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings while walking one. He struck out five of his first six batters. He allowed Jonathan Herrera's two - out, two - run double in the second.
Richard had previously struck out eight, most recently against Milwaukee on April 30.