HOUSTON--The bounce went just right for George Kottaras.
Kottaras became the first major leaguer to hit for the cycle this season, aided by a good bounce on Minute Maid Park's center field hill, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Houston Astros 8 - 2 Saturday night.
Kottaras needed a double in his last at bat to complete the cycle and he hit a drive to deep center field. Kottaras likely could have stretched the hit to a triple, but the ball bounced over the fence for a ground-rule double.
Kottaras hit a solo homer in the fourth inning off Bud Norris (6 - 9) to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead and tripled in the sixth ahead of a two - run shot by Craig Counsell, his first of the year.
Kottaras added an RBI single in the seventh and his doubled off David Carpenter in the ninth gave him the first cycle by a Brewers hitter since Jody Gerut on May 8, 2010.
Colorado slugger Carlos Gonzalez was the last major leaguer to hit for the cycle, on July 31 last season against the Chicago Cubs.
According to STATS LLC, two of the last three big league catchers to hit for the cycle did it for Milwaukee: Kottaras and Chad Moeller (2004). Bengie Molina also accomplished the feat for Texas on July 16 last year.
Kottaras finished 4 for 5 with two RBIs and scored twice. Prince Fielder drove in two runs with a grounder and a single as Milwaukee retained its 8 1/2-game lead over St. Louis in the NL Central.
Chris Narveson (10 - 6) allowed two runs and four hits over five innings in his first start for the Brewers since Aug. 22. He walked four and struck out four, working out of jams in the second and third.
Carlos Lee extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a two - run homer for Houston in the fifth. Norris gave up six runs, five earned, and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings. He struck out five.
Narveson is trying to overcome a pair of injuries to his pitching hand. He went on the 15-day disabled list Aug. 9 after injuring himself with scissors while repairing his glove. He left his last start on Aug. 22 with an injury to the middle finger on his left hand.
Milwaukee managed an unearned run without getting a hit in the first inning.
Nyjer Morgan reached on Lee's error at first base to start the game. Morgan stole second and went to third as Ryan Braun struck out but reached first on Norris' wild pitch.
Fielder grounded out and Morgan scored for the early lead.
Kottaras made it 2 - 0 in the fourth with his fourth homer on a 92 mph fastball from Norris.
Fielder hit an RBI single with two outs in the fifth and Mark Kotsay had a run-scoring double to make it 4 - 0.
In the sixth, Kottaras tripled to left and Counsell's homer made it 6 - 2.
Morgan prevented an extra-base hit by Jimmy Paredes when he crashed into the wall to make a catch in the second inning. Narveson quickly loaded the bases, however, by yielding a single to Jason Michaels and walks to Clint Barmes and Carlos Corporan.
Norris ended the threat by hitting into a double play.