MINNEAPOLIS--Perched on third base, pinch-runner Carlos Gomez got his order: Go on any grounder.
The speedy Gomez streaked home ahead of Texas first baseman Hank Blalock's high throw in the eighth inning, and the Minnesota Twins took advantage of two late mistakes to beat the Rangers 5 - 3 Sunday.
Minnesota closer Joe Nathan then made a throwing error in the ninth that loaded the bases with no outs, but he escaped without allowing a run.
Trailing 3 - 2 in the eighth, the Twins used a walk, three singles, a squeeze bunt and an error to go ahead.
Brendan Harris' RBI single off C. J. Wilson (4 - 6) tied the game and when Nelson Cruz mishandled the ball in left field, it put runners on second and third.
Gomez, running for Jason Kubel, was set to go on contact with Mike Redmond at the plate. Redmond grounded to Blalock, and Gomez scored for a 4 - 3 lead.
Nick Punto followed with a good bunt down the first-base line and Harris beat the flip to the plate by Wilson.
It was also an eighth inning that left Wilson without answers.
The rally allowed reliever Jon Rauch (1 - 0) to pick up the victory in his first appearance for the Twins after being acquired from Arizona on Friday.
In the ninth, Texas loaded the bases on a walk, single and a throwing error by Nathan. But Nathan struck out Elvis Andrus, got Julio Borbon on a fly ball and retired Michael Young on a grounder for his 34th save.
The victory allowed the Twins to remain 4½ games back of Detroit in the AL Central. Texas fell 3½ games behind Boston in the AL wild-card race.
Cruz hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Scott Baker for a 3 - 2 lead.
Texas starter Kevin Millwood gave up two runs and six hits in six innings and was in position for his first win against Minnesota in 12 career appearances before the Twins rallied.
Baker, who is 10 - 1 since June 1, gave up three runs and six hits in seven innings.
The comeback allowed the Twins to win a series despite scoring only eight runs in the three games against the Rangers.