CHICAGO--Kyle Schwarber got off to a terrible start this year with the Chicago Cubs. He was sent down to Triple-A Iowa last month and then recalled after a short stint in the minors.
After months of work with a couple of different hitting coaches, it looks as if he might be coming around at the plate.
Schwarber homered twice and drove in four runs, and the rolling Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 3 on Thursday night for their third consecutive victory.
Anthony Rizzo also connected and Jon Lester pitched seven effective innings as the Cubs improved to 11 - 2 since the All-Star break. The NL Central leaders also increased their advantage over the second-place Brewers to 1 1/2 games ahead of their big series this weekend in Milwaukee.
Lester (8 - 6) allowed two runs and four hits in his third straight win since he got just two outs in the shortest start of his career on July 9 against Pittsburgh. The starting pitchers for the Cubs are 10 - 0 with a 2.50 ERA in the last 13 games.
Jose Abreu homered twice and Willy Garcia also went deep for the lowly White Sox, who have lost seven in a row at home for the first time since 2011 and 12 of 13 overall. Mike Pelfrey (3 - 8) was tagged for five runs and six hits in five - plus innings.
After winning 3 - 1 at Wrigley Field on Monday, the White Sox dropped three in a row by a combined score of 21 - 8. The Cubs won the season series for the first time since they went 4 - 0 against the White Sox in 2013.
Garcia's leadoff drive in the third put the White Sox in front, but the Cubs went ahead to stay with three in the fourth.
Rizzo led off with a drive to right-center for his 24th homer. Willson Contreras then walked and Schwarber belted an opposite-field shot to left for his 16th of the season.
Schwarber added a run-scoring triple in the sixth against David Holmberg and a solo drive off Aaron Bummer in the eighth for his fourth career multihomer game. He is batting.333 (8 for 24) with three homers and six RBI in his last eight games.
Rizzo and Albert Almora Jr. each had two hits for the Cubs, who improved to 8 - 7 in interleague play after going 15 - 5 against the American League last year. Contreras walked twice and scored two runs, continuing an impressive July for the young catcher.