ANAHEIM, Calif.--Judging by his 0 - for - 5 performance, Torii Hunter could have used another day off after virtually hosting Angel Stadium's All-Star festivities over the past few days.
The rest of the Los Angeles Angels used the break to refuel an offense that was running on empty last week.
Erick Aybar and Bobby Abreu drove in three runs apiece, Joel Pineiro won his seventh straight decision, and the Angels roared back from the break with 16 hits in an 8 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Thursday night.
Two days after the NL won 3 - 1 in a snoozer of an All-Star game, the ballpark finally hosted an entertaining contest with plenty of highlights--almost entirely from the Angels, who had scored just 14 runs in their previous seven games.
Howie Kendrick had a run-scoring double for the Angels, who stumbled into the break with eight losses in 10 games, including a 1 - 6 road trip on which they were outscored by 30 runs. Those problems evaporated under unusually dark skies in Anaheim, where every Angels starter except Hunter--their only All-Star game participant--had at least one hit.
Aybar and Jeff Mathis had three hits apiece to back Pineiro (10 - 6), who gave up six hits over seven innings. After a slow start to his first season with the Angels, the former Seattle right-hander had won six consecutive starts before getting a no-decision last Friday in Oakland despite leaving with a 5 - 3 lead after seven innings.
All-Star Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double and threw out the speedy Aybar at the plate for the last-place Mariners, who have lost 10 of 12. Seattle has lost eight of 10 to its AL West rivals this season.
The Angels methodically pounded Seattle starter Doug Fister (3 - 5), who gave up 12 hits and six runs. Taking the rotation spot that would have been occupied by traded star Cliff Lee, he pitched into the sixth inning of his fourth consecutive loss, his ERA rising from 3.09 to 3.50.
Pineiro got into trouble only in the fifth, giving up four straight hits capped by Suzuki's double in the gap. Pineiro has started each of the Angels' last three victories while becoming their first 10-game winner this season, beating All-Star ace Jered Weaver.
After Aybar led off the first with a single and scored on Abreu's double, the Angels went up 4 - 0 in the second with five consecutive one - out hits. Aybar's drive to right scored two runs, but Suzuki threw him out when he attempted to score from first on Kendrick's double.
Suzuki, who has a 14-game hitting streak, also attempted to score from third on Franklin Gutierrez's sharp grounder in the fifth, but Mathis tagged him out at the plate.