ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--The Tampa Bay Rays rode the momentum of a marathon victory to another big win.
Desmond Jennings drove in four runs, Alex Cobb took a three - hit shutout into the ninth inning, and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Saturday in a matchup of exhausted teams to maintain their lead in the AL wild-card race.
The first pitch came 10 hours, 56 minutes after the Rays' 5 - 4, 18-inning win over Baltimore that ended at 2:05 a.m., a game that stretched on for 6:54--a record time for both teams.
Saturday's game, by comparison, seemed to breeze by in 2:51.
Cobb, in a common practice, left the ballpark early Friday night and went to bed 2 1/2 hours before the game ended.
Tampa Bay (85 - 69) and Cleveland (85 - 70) hold the two AL wild-card positions, with Texas (84 - 70) a half-game back. The New York Yankees (82 - 73) overtook Baltimore, which is tied with Kansas City at 81 - 73 and trails by 3½ games.
Cobb didn't allow a hit until Steve Clevenger lined a single to right with two outs in the fifth. The Orioles had only two hits over the final 11 innings on Friday.
Chris Davis tripled with one out in the ninth off Cobb, a fly ball David DeJesus struggled to locate in left. Adam Jones followed with an RBI single that chased Cobb, who struck out 12 and walked two. Closer Fernando Rodney completed the five - hitter.
Miguel Gonzalez (10 - 8) gave up three runs, two hits and five walks in six innings. The right-hander had been 2 - 0 with an 0.92 ERA in his previous three starts at Tropicana Field.
Tampa Bay went ahead in the fifth when Jose Molina and Yunel Escobar walked. One out later, Jennings hit his career-high 14th homer.
Jennings added an RBI triple in the seventh and scored on Ben Zobrist's single off Francisco Rodriguez.
Eleven players who went the distance on Friday came back to start on Saturday: Baltimore's Davis, Jones, Nick Markakis, Manny Machado, J. J. Hardy and Danny Valencia, and Tampa Bay's Zobrist, Escobar, David DeJesus, Wil Myers and Evan Longoria. Baltimore's Matt Wieters, who caught all 18 innings, was rested.
Showalter agreed.
Someone jokingly wrote "Early hitting 7 a.m." on the message board in Tampa Bay's clubhouse Saturday morning.