ATLANTA--Dan Uggla was left out when a combined seven Marlins and Braves players were picked to the NL All-Star team on Sunday.
Atlanta's Tim Hudson wasn't fooled. He said it was easy to identify the day's biggest star.
Uggla hit a homer and drove in all three Florida runs, Ricky Nolasco pitched seven strong innings and Florida beat Atlanta 3 - 2.
Uggla was left off the All-Star roster as Phillies manager Charlie Manuel instead selected Braves utility infielder Omar Infante, while Atlanta second baseman Martin Prado was the top pick on players' ballots.
Uggla, picked to the 2006 and 2008 All-Star teams, offered a reminder of his credentials when he hit his 16th homer in the fourth to push Florida's lead to 3 - 1. He leads all National League middle infielders in home runs, and carries a.271 batting average.
Florida avoided a sweep in the three - game set as the Braves won each series during a 6 - 3 homestand. The loss dropped Atlanta's lead in the NL East to two games over the Mets.
Nolasco (8 - 6) struck out a season high 11 while allowing six hits and two runs.
Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his 17th save as the Marlins snapped a three - game losing streak.
Hudson (8 - 4), one of five Atlanta All-Stars, gave up six hits and three runs in eight innings. Hudson has pitched at least seven innings in six straight starts. He walked one, struck out seven and finished with four straight scoreless innings.
Infante, who has started at four positions, struck out as a pinch-hitter to end the game.
Braves All-Star Brian McCann's 10th homer in the sixth cut Florida's lead to 3 - 2.
Florida's All-Star selections were starting pitcher Josh Johnson and Hanley Ramirez, who will be the first NL shortstop to make three straight starts since Ozzie Smith (1983 - 92) started 10 straight.
Chris Coghlan and Ramirez singled and scored on Uggla's single with two outs in the first. Uggla's hit bounced off Hudson's knee into right field. Hudson wasn't hurt.
The Braves loaded the bases with no outs in the first, but Nolasco gave up only one run on Eric Hinske's sacrifice fly.
The Marlins loaded the bases with one out in the eighth. Hudson struck out Ramirez and ended the inning on Jorge Cantu's grounder to the mound.
Emilio Bonifacio made a running catch near the warning track in center field to take a hit away from All-Star Martin Prado in the seventh.
Brooks Conrad, playing third base as Chipper Jones was given a rest, made diving stops before throwing out Cody Ross in the first and Brett Hayes in the fifth.
Jones remained in the game after he walked as a pinch-hitter in the eighth.