DENVER--The Colorado Rockies had their two best power hitters out of the lineup with stiff backs.
So Eric Young Jr. took it upon himself to provide a little pop, hitting his first career homer in a 3 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night.
With Troy Tulowitzki and Ian Stewart both out with back ailments, the Rockies went with a makeshift infield. Part of that included Young stepping in at second base.
He certainly stepped up at the plate, not only hitting a solo homer, but scoring after a leadoff double in the first.
The win was the fifth straight by the Rockies, and moved them 19 games above.500 (79 - 60) for the first time in franchise history.
It also helped the NL wild-card leaders move three games in front of San Francisco, which lost to San Diego 4 - 3 later Tuesday.
Mixing up his sinker and slider, Jason Marquis (15 - 10) kept the Reds off-balance all night. He allowed one run and four hits over 7 1/3 innings. Marquis struck out a season-high seven--mostly with his slider--and got 12 groundball outs with his trademark sinker.
And kept using it, waiting for the Reds to adjust.
When they didn't, he stayed with the slider.
Marquis ran into trouble in the eighth, giving up leadoff singles to Drew Sutton and Drew Stubbs. After Paul Janish moved the runners up with a dribbler, Marquis was replaced by Randy Flores, who got Joey Votto to hit into a run-scoring groundout for the second out.
Rafael Betancourt entered the game and enticed Brandon Phillips to hit an inning-ending flyout. Franklin Morales then made it five straight saves filling in for the injured Huston Street by closing out the ninth.
Todd Helton and Carlos Gonzalez each drove in a run with a sacrifice fly, while Yorvit Torrealba's single in the second extended his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games.
Clint Barmes moved from second over to short to fill in for Tulowitzki, while Garrett Atkins played third in Stewart's absence.
Atkins made a diving stop in the fourth, snaring a grounder in the hole and throwing out Craig Tatum by a half-step at first.
Barmes saved the Rockies a run with his glove in the sixth. With a runner on third, Barmes stopped a grounder up the middle, pirouetted and threw to first to just get Phillips.
Matt Maloney (0 - 4) was recalled from Double-A Carolina before the game, joining the team for a third stint this season. The left-hander lasted five innings, giving up one run and four hits before leaving with a blister on his middle finger.
"Just decided to come out before it would rip off," Maloney explained. "The most frustrating part is it's probably the best I've thrown since I've been up here."
Pedro Viola made his major league debut in relief of Maloney in the sixth, giving up Young's homer--a solo shot to left.