CHICAGO--A. J. Pierzynski doesn't see himself as a power hitter. The numbers disagree.
Pierzynski tied a White Sox record by homering in his fifth consecutive game, a go-ahead, two - run drive in the seventh inning off Jason Isringhausen that led Chicago over the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 2 Sunday.
With the Angels ahead 2 - 1, Isringhausen (3 - 2) relieved Dan Haren and allowed a leadoff single to Dayan Viciedo. Pierzynski pinch hit for Tyler Flowers and hit a drive just out of the reach of a leaping Mike Trout in right-center field, Pierzynski's career-high 21st homer.
Paul Konerko and Adam Dunn ribbed Pierzynski about his power surge.
Nate Jones (5 - 0) allowed one run in two innings in relief of injured starter Francisco Liriano, Brett Myers pitched a scoreless eighth, and Addison Reed struck out two in the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances.
Chicago took two of three in the weekend series, has won nine of 12 games, and maintained a 1½-game lead over Detroit in the AL Central.
Liriano, making his first home start for the White Sox since he was acquired from Minnesota on July 28, left after five innings because of a bruised right quadriceps caused by a Maicer Izturis one - hopper.
Liriano gave up one run and four hits, struck out four and walked one.
Haren allowed one run and four hits in six innings. He is 2 - 0 with a 2.00 ERA over 18 innings in three starts since a stint on the disabled list caused by lower back stiffness.
Trout's sacrifice fly put the Angels ahead in the fifth after Izturis reached on the ball off Liriano, which rolled toward shortstop for an infield single. Peter Bourjos bunted for a single and Bobby Wilson hit the first of his two sacrifice bunts to advance Izturis to third.
Kevin Youkilis tied the score with a home run down the left-field line leading off the sixth, his third in two games and seventh in just 15 games at U. S. Cellular Field.
With the bases loaded in the sixth, Izturis grounded into an inning-ending double play.
Torii Hunter singled for a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh to score Bourjos, who had walked leading off and took second on Wilson's sacrifice.
Alexei Ramirez hit an RBI triple in the eighth against Jerome Williams.