SAN DIEGO--After hitting a go-ahead, three - run homer, Gerardo Parra was just as happy that rookie Noel Cuevas went deep for the first time.
Daniel Castro also homered for the Rockies, who won for the second time in six games.
Parra gave Colorado a 6 - 3 lead when he connected with one out in the sixth inning off Kazuhisa Makita (0 - 1), who was making his first appearance since being recalled from Triple-A on Sunday. Parra's second homer of the season came with Ian Desmond and Chris Iannetta aboard on singles.
Castro homered leading off the fifth, his first, and Cuevas connected with two outs for a 3 - 2 lead. Cuevas made his major league debut on April 22.
"I was happy that we got the lead back. That was the first thing in my mind. It was a good homer, the momentum went back our way. We knew that we had the arms in the bullpen to keep us close and we got the W."
Eric Hosmer hit a tying double for the Padres in the fifth before Parra put the Rockies back in front.
Castro was called up from the minors on May 1.
Franmil Reyes made his big league debut for the Padres after leading all of professional baseball in homers with 14 while at Triple-A El Paso. He started in right field and went 0 for 4. He reached on a throwing error by shortstop Trevor Story that allowed Franchy Cordero to score for a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth.
Freddy Galvis of the Padres finished a homer short of the cycle. He tried to bunt for a single in the ninth to get a rally going but was thrown out.
Colorado's Nolan Arenado had three hits and an RBI.
Tyler Anderson (3 - 1) allowed four runs, three earned, on seven hits in 5 2/3 innings and reached base twice against rookie lefty Joey Lucchesi. Anderson walked with one out in the third and scored on Arenado's single. He singled in the fifth before being forced out.
Wade Davis pitched the ninth for his 15th save.
Lucchesi struggled through five innings, allowing three runs and six hits while striking out two and walking one. He also was thrown out trying to score on a passed ball to end the third. The big pitcher lumbered down the line and an awkward slide left him short of the plate.
Lucchesi, making his ninth career start, said he had tightness in his glutes.
"I just didn't feel like myself today. I didn't have my normal mechanics. I was dropping my arm slot."