SAN FRANCISCO--When the Marlins intentionally walked Brandon Crawford to bring up pitcher Jeff Samardzija in the No. 8 hole, Giants manager Bruce Bochy second-guessed whether this might have been a night to bat his starter in the typical ninth slot.
Samardzija delivered his best performance at the plate while pitching San Francisco to a much-needed victory.
He struck out five over 7 2/3 innings and drove in a career-high three runs with a double to win in a memorable home debut, and the Giants snapped a five - game losing streak by beating Miami hitting coach Barry Bonds and the Marlins 8 - 1 on Friday night in the slugger's return to AT & T Park.
Samardzija (2 - 1), who signed a $90 million, five - year contract, left to a standing ovation when he walked off in the eighth. He allowed one run and six hits and didn't walk a batter in the 117-pitch gem.
Brandon Belt, Angel Pagan and Denard Span had RBI singles, while Matt Duffy had a sacrifice fly and Crawford drove in a run on a groundout for the Giants, who had gone 3 for 35 with runners in scoring position during their skid.
The timely hits sure turned up this time after a discouraging four - game sweep by the division rival Arizona Diamondbacks.
Even from Samardzija, who hit a two - run double in the sixth and RBI single in the fifth--earning some praise from Belt and a comparison to the top hitting pitcher on the team, ace Madison Bumgarner.
Samardzija shrugged it off.
The big right-hander had three RBI in a season twice--2012 and ` 14--and had driven in 10 total runs before Friday.
Bonds returned to the ballpark he helped get built wearing a Marlins uniform. He brought the lineup card out before first pitch to chants of "Barry! Barry!"--clearly still appreciated even after allegations he used performance-enhancing drugs.
His hitters didn't make him look very good against his former team.
Marlins starter Jarred Cosart (0 - 1) walked six batters over 4 1/3 innings for his second straight start allowing six free passes. He has 15 walks over 14 2/3 innings in his initial three starts. Cosart allowed six runs and eight hits.
Miami manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the top of the fourth, then came out to fume at plate umpire Brian Gorman for a couple of minutes. Mattingly said afterward he was standing up for his players because the Marlins aren't getting the calls he feels they deserve.