PHILADELPHIA--Jeff Francoeur delivered for the New York Mets and for a friend.
When popular and well-respected infielder Alex Cora was released by the team on Saturday afternoon he told Francoeur to "hit a rocket" that night against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Francoeur's homer leading off the seventh was New York's only run, and Johan Santana made it stick by allowing five hits in 7 1/3 innings to lead the Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over Philadelphia, snapping the Phillies' five - game winning streak.
For one swing, Francoeur got his Ruthian result, and it traveled just over the right-field wall. It came on a day when he was told by manager Jerry Manuel that he would platoon with Fernando Martinez, who was called up with second baseman Ruben Tejada. Francoeur also hit a game-winning home run on Aug. 3 off Atlanta's Billy Wagner.
Francisco Rodriguez got the final five outs for his 24th save in 29 chances as the Mets ended Philadelphia's five - game winning streak and 12-game home streak.
Lefties Santana (9 - 6) and Cole Hamels traded scoreless frames through the first six innings. Santana struck out six, walked three and didn't allow a hit until Placido Polanco singled with two outs in the sixth.
Hamels (7 - 8) had given up five hits heading into the seventh--with nine of his 11 strikeouts--before Francoeur led off with his 11th homer just over the right-center field fence.
Reliever Chad Durbin loaded the bases in the eighth, but escaped by striking out Francoeur on a high fastball.
The Phillies then took their turn to threaten in the bottom of the eighth. Jimmy Rollins and Ibanez singled, with Ibanez extending his hitting streak to 15 games. Santana made a difficult play on Polanco's sacrifice attempt to the third-base side of the mound, then fired to David Wright for a crucial force out.
Anticipating a bunt, which had been called for by Phillies manager Charlie Manuel, Santana said he threw a change up to give himself more time to react.
Mets manager Jerry Manuel then went to Rodriguez. He walked Jayson Werth with two outs, but retired Ross Gload on a grounder to second. After he missed with a change-up on 2 - 2, he returned with another.