MIAMI--Hanley Ramirez was one swing away from reaching a milestone with the Florida Marlins last year. He didn't miss this time.
Ramirez and Jorge Cantu homered to help Florida beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 2 on Saturday night and the Marlins became the second major league team to have three infielders with 30 homers.
The Marlins have won four in a row while the Nationals have lost four straight.
With Ramirez's two - run shot off Washington starter Tim Redding (10 - 9) in the second inning, the Marlins shortstop became the second Florida player with 30 home runs and 30 stolen bases in a single season. Preston Wilson had 31 home runs and 36 stolen bases in 2000.
First baseman Mike Jacobs has 32 home runs and second baseman Dan Uggla has 30 for Florida this season. The Marlins join the 2001 Oakland Athletics, who reached the mark with first baseman Jason Giambi (38), third baseman Eric Chavez (32) and shortstop Miguel Tejada (31).
Cantu isn't far behind his fellow infielders. The third baseman sent a 1 - 2 pitch over the left-field scoreboard in the first inning for his second home run in two days and his 26th of the season to put the Marlins up 2 - 0.
Johnson (5 - 1) struck out a career-high nine batters, allowing two runs and six hits over six innings in his first appearance against the Nationals since August 2006.
Johnson, who returned July 10 for his first start since undergoing elbow ligament replacement surgery last year, has allowed three runs or fewer in 11 of his past 12 starts. Matt Lindstrom pitched a scoreless ninth for his fourth save in five opportunities.
Ramirez's homer gave the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead.
Elijah Dukes' two - run double off Johnson in the sixth inning cut Florida's lead in half, but it wasn't enough.
It has been a record-setting weekend at the plate for Florida. With Cantu's homer Friday night, the Marlins became the first team in major league history to have four infielders hit at least 25 home runs.
Redding, who has allowed a career-high 25 home runs this season, lasted six innings for Washington. He allowed four runs and five hits, including the homers from Ramirez and Cantu.