SAN DIEGO--Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in the go-ahead run against his former team with two outs in the 11th inning Saturday and the Los Angeles Dodgers finally beat the San Diego Padres 4 - 2 in a game that had been suspended at 1:40 a.m. after four rain delays totaling 3 hours, 36 minutes.
Gwynn, the son of Padres Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn, entered during a double switch in the bottom of the ninth. With two on in the 11th, he hit a two - strike pitch from sidearmer Pat Neshek that dropped in front of right fielder Will Venable. That brought in Juan Uribe, who was aboard on a leadoff double against Ernesto Frieri (0 - 1). Gwynn took second on the throw.
Gwynn wasn't offered a contract to return to the Padres after last season and signed as a free agent with the rival Dodgers.
After Uribe doubled, James Loney popped up and pinch hitter Aaron Miles reached when a breaking ball from Frieri hit him on the bill of his helmet. Frieri made way for Neshek, who struck out Rod Barajas to bring up Gwynn. After Gwynn's single, Miles scored on a wild pitch.
Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his fourth save. Blake Hawksworth (1 - 0) worked two scoreless innings for the win.
The game started Friday night and was suspended early Saturday with the score tied at 2 after Matt Kemp singled off Heath Bell in the top of the ninth. When it resumed at 5:35 p.m., Uribe grounded into a double play, and Loney and Xavier Paul singled before Barajas hit into a force to end the threat.
The Padres stranded 12 and the Dodgers 10.
The teams were to follow with their regularly scheduled game.
The Dodgers' first two runs were unearned due to Padres catcher Nick Hundley's throwing error in the fourth inning and passed ball in the sixth.
Casey Blake walked leading off the fourth and advanced on Kemp's one - out walk. They pulled off a double steal, and Hundley's throw to second sailed over Orlando Hudson's head and into center field, allowing Blake to score for a 1 - 0 lead.
The Padres went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth, chasing starter Ted Lilly in the process. Lilly allowed three hits in the inning, including Hudson's tying RBI single and Jorge Cantu's double. He made way for Mike MacDougal with runners on second and third, and Ryan Ludwick's grounder brought in Hudson for a 2 - 1 lead.
The Dodgers then rallied for their first hits since the first rain delay. With San Diego's Chad Qualls pitching, Blake hit a one - out single and advanced on Hundley's passed ball and Andre Ethier's infield single. Blake scored when Kemp lined a single over shortstop Jason Bartlett's head.