CINCINNATI--Two late homers, a replay overturn that saved things in the ninth inning.
The Reds needed a lot to finally win a close one.
Todd Frazier and Chris Heisey homered, and Johnny Cueto went seven innings to get his 17th win on Saturday, leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 2 - 1 victory that ended the New York Mets' winning streak at three games.
It was a rare one - run win for Cincinnati, which is the worst in the majors at such close games with a 21 - 34 mark.
Frazier's second homer in two days tied it in the sixth against Dillon Gee (6 - 7). Heisey pinch-hit for Cueto with two outs in the seventh and broke the 1-all tie with his eighth homer. It was Heisey's fourth pinch-hit homer of the season.
Aroldis Chapman relieved and got the last four outs for his 30th save in 32 chances, escaping a threat in the ninth with the help of a replay.
Curtis Granderson singled was replaced by Eric Young, Jr. Dilson Herrera walked. The runners pulled off what was initially ruled a double steal, but the replay showed Young took his foot off third base after he slid and was tagged out by Kristopher Negron, who kept his glove on the runner's leg. Pinch-hitter Eric Campbell struck out to end it.
The Reds won for only the second time in eight games. They're 16 - 31 since the All-Star break.
The Mets hit five homers in the series opener on Friday night for a 14 - 5 victory and were trying to match their longest winning streak of the season with one more.
They wasted early chances against Cueto, getting five hits in the first two innings but scoring only once.
Travis d'Arnaud extended his hitting tear with a leadoff double in the second and came around on Herrera's single.
Cueto retired 13 in a row until Lucas Duda walked with two outs in the sixth and d'Arnaud doubled again. Granderson drew a walk that loaded the bases. Cueto fanned Herrera on a fastball to end the threat. The right-hander gave up six hits and struck out eight.
Frazier tied it with his 25th homer in the bottom of the sixth inning off Gee, who gave up seven hits in seven innings and struck out six. Gee remained winless on the road since May 4, going 0 - 4 in five starts.