DETROIT--Max Scherzer is pitching so well, he's tough to beat.
The Detroit Tigers are pretty good, too, at the plate and in the field.
Scherzer pitched three - hit ball and struck out nine over eight innings, leading Detroit past the Houston Astros 2 - 0 Monday night for its season-high sixth straight victory.
The reigning Cy Young Award winner will get credit for the win, but acknowledged he had plenty of help.
Alex Avila threw out three runners. Austin Jackson sprinted toward the center field wall to catch a deep drive. Andrew Romine perfectly placed a bunt down the third base line to put Nick Castellanos in scoring position for Rajai Davis. Davis broke a scoreless tie with an RBI single in the seventh inning.
Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances for the AL-leading Tigers.
The Astros, who have the worst record in the majors, had a team meeting recently and manager Bo Porter told his players that they need to realize there is a lot of baseball left to play this season.
Scherzer (4 - 1) earned his fourth straight win. He has struck out at least seven in each of his seven starts this season, the only pitcher to pull off that feat in franchise history and the first for any team since San Francisco's Tim Lincecum in 2010.
Jarred Cosart (1 - 3) allowed an unearned run and four hits in seven innings. Nick Castellanos reached in the seventh because first baseman Marc Krauss dropped a perfect throw from third baseman Matt Dominguez.
Scherzer gave up a leadoff walk to Krauss in the eighth and Jonathan Villar singled with one out. Jose Altuve then struck out and Avila threw out pinch-runner Marwin Gonzalez trying to steal third.
Nathan walked Dexter Fowler to lead off the inning. Fowler tried to advance on a pitch in the dirt and was thrown out by Avila, a call that stood after a video review.
Houston's Anthony Bass, who pitched at nearby Wayne State University, gave up Martinez's homer.
Both starting pitchers slowed down lineups that have been more productive lately. The Tigers scored at least eight runs in each win during their three - game sweep at Kansas City last weekend. Houston had a combined 20 runs in its previous three games.