DENVER--Brooks Conrad made the most of a rare start.
Conrad, playing for the injured Dan Uggla, homered, scored twice and used his speed on the basepaths to help the Atlanta Braves overcome a shaky start by Tommy Hanson to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 6 on Thursday.
The switch-hitting Conrad hadn't started a game since July 4 against Colorado but didn't show any rust. He broke up a double play in the third that led to one run and he broke up a double play in the fifth that helped the Braves score another.
Heyward and Freddie Freeman each homered and had two hits and Nate McLouth had two hits for Atlanta, which earned a split of the four - game series.
Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 30th save.
Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies before leaving in the fifth inning with a right wrist injury while swinging--he fouled the ball off. He was taken for an MRI. It's the same wrist on which he sustained a deep bone bruise after running into the center-field wall on July 3. He missed eight games.
Rockies starter Jhoulys Chacin struggled for the second straight game, allowing five runs on four hits and walking seven in 4 2/3 innings.
Hanson (11 - 5) also struggled but received enough run support to get the win. He allowed six runs on seven hits and struck out seven in six innings.
Trailing 6 - 5, the Braves took the lead for good against Matt Reynolds (0 - 2) in the seventh. Conrad tied it with a one - out homer, his fourth, Alex Gonzalez doubled and McLouth tripled to make it 7 - 6.
It was Conrad's first hit right-handed in nine at-bats this season.
Matt Lindstrom relieved Reynolds and McLouth scored on pinch-hitter Wilkin Ramirez's fielder's choice. Ramirez scored on Heyman's double down the right-field line to make it 9 - 6.
The Rockies took the early lead when Carlos Gonzalez led off the bottom of the first with his 15th homer of the season. They made it 4 - 0 in the second when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run triple and stole home on a missed suicide squeeze attempt by Chacin.
The Braves got back into the game by capitalizing on Chacin's lack of control. Martin Prado led off the third with a walk and Heyward followed with his 10th homer of the season. Freeman singled, Chacin walked Eric Hinske and Conrad to load the bases, and Freeman scored on Alex Gonzalez's groundout to make it 4 - 3.
The Braves chased Chacin in the fifth. Freeman tied the game with his 15th homer with one out, Hinske walked and Conrad reached on a fielder's choice. After Alex Gonzalez walked, McLouth singled off reliever Matt Belisle to make it 5 - 4.
The Rockies went ahead 6 - 5 in the sixth when Seth Smith drove in Troy Tulowitzki with a triple and came in on Chris Iannetta's sacrifice fly.