SAN DIEGO--With 33-year-old Edwin Jackson mostly frustrating the San Diego Padres for seven innings, Ryan Zimmerman and the rest of the Washington Nationals figured out a way to win on just four hits.
Zimmerman homered with two outs in the eighth inning to lift the NL East-leading Nationals to a 2 - 1 victory Thursday night, giving Jackson his first win against one of his old teams in seven tries.
Zimmerman homered to right field on 1 - 1 pitch from Kirby Yates (2 - 4), who struck out the first two batters of the inning. It was Zimmerman's 29th. Yates then struck out Adam Lind to end the inning.
The homer made a winner of Jackson (4 - 2), who pitched for the Padres for part of last season. He allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings, struck out four and walked one.
Zimmerman was impressed, too.
Jackson called it "a well-executed team game."
"They came out aggressive. We were able to get out of some jams, make some pitches, get some double plays, some nice defense on the mistakes I made. Zim came through for the rescue and the bullpen comes in. It was good to get a win after this kind of game."
Manager Andy Green thought the Padres could have capitalized a few times against Jackson. "He left some pitches in the middle of the plate, and we didn't. From my perspective Edwin was pretty solid today. Usually if he's commanding the ball, not walking people, he's got good stuff. And his slider was real."
Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth for his 10th save.
The Padres were coming off a three - game sweep of the Philadelphia Phillies, the NL East cellar dwellers who have the worst record in the majors.
San Diego starter Jhoulys Chacin loaded the bases twice in the third inning on just one hit but the Nationals scored only once, on Lind's sacrifice fly. Chacin hit Anthony Rendon with a pitch to re-load the bases and then got Matt Wieters to ground out to end the inning. He hit two batters in the inning.
San Diego tied it in the bottom of the inning when Manuel Margot hit a leadoff double and scored on Jose Pirela's one - out single.
Chacin went five innings, allowing one run and three hits while striking out six and walking four.