BALTIMORE--The Tampa Bay Rays aren't going to let the departure of a few good players diminish their desire to win.
One day after losing two pitchers with strong arms and solid leadership skills, the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 Thursday night in a matchup of teams in selling mode near the non-waiver trade deadline.
Out of contention despite owning a winning record, Tampa Bay dealt pitchers Nathan Eovaldi and Matt Andriese on Wednesday. Then, after Thursday's game, the Rays sent lefty Jonny Venters to Atlanta for an international signing slot.
And they may not be done yet.
In spite of the situation, Tampa Bay is playing decent baseball. After taking two of three from the Yankees, the Rays defeated former teammate Alex Cobb (2 - 14) to improve to 53 - 50.
One of the players obtained for Andriese, catcher Michael Perez, made his big league debut after an eight - year run in the minors. He and six others contributed hits in the Rays' 20th one - run win of the year.
Baltimore is going through a similar transition. Deep in last place in the AL East, the rebuilding Orioles traded Manny Machado to the Dodgers last week, dealt Zach Britton to the Yankees on Tuesday and appear ready to unload center fielder Adam Jones.
Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning for Baltimore and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the eighth. Schoop has connected in four straight games, the first Oriole to do so since Davis in August 2016.
It wasn't enough to prevent Cobb from absorbing another loss.
Cobb was pulled after giving up three straight hits in the seventh, the last of them a tiebreaking RBI single to Adeiny Hechavarria, and a throwing error by reliever Jhan Marinez made it 4 - 2.
The Rays started reliever Hunter Wood before switching to Ryan Yarbrough (9 - 5) with two outs in the second inning.
Yarbrough went 4 1/3 innings, Sergio Romo followed and Austin Pruitt got four outs for his second save. It was an impressive showing by a pitching staff that must carry on without Eovaldi and Andriese.