SAN DIEGO--Ubaldo Jimenez got the start for the Colorado Rockies on Saturday night. At some point during his brief outing, he was no longer with the team.
Talk about a strange game.
Jimenez was pulled after one rocky inning when the Rockies agreed to deal their ace to Cleveland, and Colorado rallied for a 10 - 6 victory over the San Diego Padres.
Eliezer Alfonzo hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high five runs for the Rockies. Troy Tulowitzki had three RBIs, including a two - run homer, and Esmil Rogers (4 - 1) came on in relief of Jimenez and allowed one run in five innings.
But it was how Jimenez started the game, with Rogers was warming up in the bullpen, that was odd.
Jimenez gave up four runs, two hits and four walks in the shaky first. He was lifted for Rogers and told reporters outside the Colorado locker room he had been traded to the Indians.
The Rockies confirmed the five - player deal with Cleveland later in the game. Colorado will get three minor leaguers and a player to be named.
Jimenez was greeted with hugs, handshakes and pats on the back from his teammates and coaches when he came into the dugout after the first inning.
Tracy said before Jimenez went to the mound there were plenty of distractions.
Even though the trade was not a surprise, Tracy said that doesn't make it easier.
Alfonzo connected against reliever Luke Gregerson in the sixth inning, giving the Rockies a 7 - 4 lead. He also drew a bases-loaded walk.
Alfonzo's home run was his first since May 30, 2010, for Seattle. It was the first grand slam by Colorado since Sept. 23, 2010, when Carlos Gonzalez went deep at Arizona.
Colorado earned its third consecutive win, improving to 11 - 3 in its last 14 games at Petco Park.
Chris Nelson had three hits and scored twice and Tulowitzki reached the 20-homer mark for the fourth time in his five full seasons.
Aaron Harang (9 - 3) allowed six runs and six hits over 5 2/3 innings for San Diego.
Alberto Gonzalez had three RBIs for San Diego and Ryan Ludwick drove in two.
Jimenez, who finished third in the NL Cy Young Award voting last season after going 19 - 8 with a 2.88 ERA, threw 45 pitches, only 21 for strikes.
Ludwick and Alberto Gonzalez each had a two - run double in the first.
Tulowitzki's homer broke Colorado's five - game drought, its longest in nearly a year.