HOUSTON--Jose Altuve upped the pressure on Alex Bregman as he walked to home plate with the bases loaded and one out in the bottom of the ninth inning.
Bregman hit a game-ending, two - run double, and the Houston Astros beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 to match a franchise record with their 12th straight win.
Houston trailed 4 - 0 after three innings but cut the lead to one entering the ninth.
Sergio Romo (1 - 2) walked Marwin Gonzalez to start the ninth, then allowed a single to Max Stassi. Tony Kemp's sacrifice bunt moved both runners up, and Houston loaded the bases when George Springer reached on interference by catcher Wilson Ramos.
Bregman then drove a ball that bounced off the wall in left-center. He lifted both arms as he trotted into second base, and teammates mobbed him in the infield.
It was Houston's second game-ending hit of the season, and the other also came off Bregman's bat on April 7 against San Diego. Bregman walked off Houston with a single in Game 5 of the World Series last season.
Romo declined to speak to reporters after the game, but manager Kevin Cash discussed his work.
Collin McHugh (2 - 0) struck out two in a scoreless ninth for the win on a night Gerrit Cole walked a career-high five to help the Rays build an early lead.
Houston also won 12 straight in 2004 and 1999. The Astros will go for No. 13 on Tuesday with ace Justin Verlander on the mound.
Romo was the seventh pitcher the Rays used as they employed a reliever as a starter for the 16th time in 30 games.
Cole walked Jake Bauers with one out in the first before Ramos launched a fastball into the seats in right field to give Tampa Bay a 2 - 0 lead.
Matt Duffy drew a walk with one out in the third, stole second base and took third on an error by catcher Brian McCann. Cole, who hadn't walked more than three in a game this season, walked Bauers and Ramos to load the bases. A two - out single by Joey Wendle came next to score two and push the lead to 4 - 0.
Altuve, who finished with three hits, singled with one out in the fourth, and Carlos Correa followed with a double. Houston got within 4 - 1 on a ground ball single by Yuli Gurriel, which scored Altuve. The Astros made it 4 - 2 when Correa scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Reddick.
Altuve doubled and reached third on an error by Johnny Field to start Houston's sixth. A one - out single by Gurriel scored Altuve to cut the lead to 4 - 3. Gonzalez singled with two outs, but Diego Castillo came in and retired pinch hitter Evan Gattis to end the inning.