ST. LOUIS--Adam Wainwright was beginning to wonder if he would ever throw a complete-game shutout.
It took 97 major league starts and 138 in the minor leagues but Wainwright finally conquered the elusive goal, allowing only two hits to lead the St. Louis Cardinals to a 8 - 0 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night.
Wainwright (8 - 3) struck out eight, walked one, and retired the last 18 hitters he faced after a leadoff walk to Prince Fielder in the fourth inning.
Wainwright is 5 - 0 at home and has allowed just two earned runs in his last 29 innings. He lowered his ERA to 2.05.
Colby Rasmus drilled a two - run homer for St. Louis, which won for the sixth time in eight games. The Cardinals broke a four - game home losing streak against the Brewers, who have won 13 of their last 17 at Busch Stadium.
Milwaukee lost for the fifth time in six games.
Wainwright needed just 103 pitches to finish his gem. He threw first-pitch strikes to 22 of 30 batters and had only two three - ball counts.
Wainwright has gone at least six innings in all 12 starts this season. He gave up a leadoff double to Rickie Weeks to start the game and also surrendered a one - out double to Corey Hart in the second.
St. Louis third baseman Felipe Lopez said it was a thrill to play behind Wainwright.
Rasmus provided the necessary offense with his ninth homer of the season in the sixth off Milwaukee starter Randy Wolf (4 - 5). It was Rasmus' first homer of the season against a left-handed pitcher and put St. Louis up 4 - 0.
Albert Pujols drove in two runs, one on a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the third--his 152nd career RBI with the bases loaded.
Wolf (4 - 5) sent the first six batters down in order on 20 pitches before running into trouble in the third. Rasmus drew a leadoff walk and Brendan Ryan followed with a single up the middle. One out later, Rasmus scored on Lopez's grounder to third.
Wolf gave up five earned runs in 6 2/3 innings. He struck out four and walked four.
Matt Holliday added an RBI double in the seventh to push the lead to 5 - 0. Ryan Ludwick had a two - run double in a three - run eighth inning.
Brendan Ryan improved to 6 for 10 lifetime against Wolf with two of the Cardinals' nine hits.