WASHINGTON--The Washington Nationals acquired center fielder Denard Span for his ability to hit leadoff and play defense.
Saturday against Cincinnati, it was his fielding that stole the show.
Span made pair of impressive catches to halt Reds rallies, Bryce Harper hit a two - run homer and scored twice, and Dan Haren had his best start of the young season as the Nationals beat the Cincinnati Reds 6 - 3.
Span and Jayson Werth each had two hits for Washington, which has won the first three games of the four - game set. Harper's two RBIs gave him 18, a Nationals record for April.
Trailing 6 - 2 in the seventh, the Reds got a two - out RBI single from pinch-hitter Todd Frazier off Tyler Clippard to make it 6 - 3. Shin-Soo Choo then walked to load the bases and Zack Cozart hit a laser to left-center, but Span's running catch ended the threat.
In the sixth, after Choo homered to lead off and Cozart singled, Span thwarted the rally when he raced to the wall in left-center and made a leaping catch to take at least an extra-base hit away from Joey Votto.
Haren (2 - 3) didn't quite match Jordan Zimmermann's one - hitter and Gio Gonzalez's impressive eight innings of one - hit ball the previous two games, but he was sharp enough. Haren allowed two runs and six hits over six innings.
Haren, who was roughed up by Cincinnati for six runs and nine hits in four innings of a 15 - 0 loss on April 5, lowered his ERA from 7.36 to 6.29 in his longest outing of the year.
Rafael Soriano pitched a scoreless ninth for his seventh save.
Brandon Phillips had three singles for Cincinnati, which has lost four of five.
Reds starter Mike Leake (1 - 1) gave up four runs, three earned, in three innings.
The Nationals scored twice in the second. Ian Desmond and Anthony Rendon drew one - out walks. Kurt Suzuki popped out, but Haren blooped a single into short right field scoring Desmond. Rendon went to third and scored when Span singled.
Harper and Werth opened the third with singles and, after Adam LaRoche flied out, Desmond singled, scoring Harper. Leake fanned Rendon, but Suzuki hit a grounder toward the hole between third and shortstop. Third baseman Jack Hannahan made a diving stop, but threw wide to second and Werth scored as the ball rolled into right field.
The Reds ended a 17-inning scoring drought in the fourth when Votto doubled and Phillips singled him home.
Harper, on the one - year anniversary of his callup, put the Nationals ahead 6 - 1 in the fourth, homering into the Washington bullpen on a 1 - 2 pitch off Alfredo Simon with Danny Espinosa on first. It was Harper's ninth of the season.