MILWAUKEE--Entering his first big league game in 16 months, Joe Nathan felt his heart racing while doing a full sprint to the mound.
Nathan has 377 career saves, and yet Sunday still felt like Opening Day all over again for the 41-year-old reliever.
Anthony Rizzo's three - run double in the seventh inning helped the Chicago Cubs overcome a four - run deficit and made a winner of Nathan in a 6 - 5 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers.
Joe Nathan and Anthony Rizzo keep the Cubs rolling in a 6 - 5 victory against Milwaukee despite another lackluster start by Jon Lester.
Joe Nathan was activated by the Cubs, a first-place club that has struggled with inconsistent bullpen work for much of the season. He got the win for Chicago on Sunday against the Brewers.
The six - time All-Star joined a club with World Series aspirations hoping to shore up its bullpen. The heart of the order finally came up with hits after the Cubs struggled with runners in scoring position against Brewers starter Junior Guerra.
That changed after Will Smith took over for Guerra with one out in the seventh.
Tommy La Stella, who went 3 for 3, had an RBI double before Smith (1 - 3) walked Kris Bryant to load the bases for third-place hitter Rizzo. He hit a 2 - 2 slider down in the zone into right-center to clear the bases and give Chicago a 5 - 4 lead.
Ben Zobrist's RBI single scored Rizzo in the seventh and gave the Cubs a needed insurance run after closer Hector Rondon gave up a homer to Kirk Nieuwenhuis with two outs in the ninth to draw Milwaukee within a run.
Rondon struck out Jake Elmore looking for his 18th save.
It completed a successful comeback from Tommy John surgery for Nathan, pitching in his first game in the majors since April 2015. He was activated off the 60-day disabled list earlier Sunday.
Cubs pitchers labored for much of the afternoon, with starter Jon Lester struggling through four innings, allowing four hits and walking five.
Nathan gave up a leadoff triple to Jonathan Villar in the sixth and a walk before striking out 3 - 4 - 4 hitters Ryan Braun, Jonathan Lucroy and Chris Carter.