CINCINNATI--The Reds lost another one of their top players, with the All-Star Game only a month away.
Ivan De Jesus Jr. homered for the second time in three games, and the Reds swept the Philadelphia Phillies with a 5 - 2 victory on Wednesday after shortstop Zack Cozart injured a knee.
Cozart twisted his right ankle and knee as he tried to beat out a grounder in the first inning. He crumpled to the ground, rolled on his back and grabbed the knee, wincing in pain. He didn't put any weight on the right leg as he was helped off the field and taken for an MRI.
The team didn't have the test results as it headed for a four - game series against the Cubs in Chicago.
Cozart's injury overshadowed the Reds' first sweep of Philadelphia since 2013. He's among the NL's top shortstops in numerous offensive categories. Cozart had homered in three of his last four games, leaving him with nine homers and 28 RBI.
He's also the Reds' second-leading candidate for the All-Star Game that will be played in Cincinnati. Only third baseman Todd Frazier has gotten more fan votes.
Cincinnati already was missing catcher Devin Mesoraco, left fielder Marlon Byrd and starter Homer Bailey due to significant injuries.
The Phillies fell to 7 - 23 away from Citizens Bank Park, their worst road record after 30 games since 1941. They have lost seven straight on the road--their worst such slump in two years--and have been swept three times in their last five series.
De Jesus, a 28-year-old utility player, hit his first career homer in the series opener, a tiebreaking two - run shot for a 6 - 4 win. His three - run homer on Wednesday off Jerome Williams (3 - 6) made it 4 - 0 in the first inning, the Reds' sixth homer in two games.
Jon Moscot (1 - 1) got his first win in his second major league start. The 23-year-old right-hander gave up two runs and six hits in six innings. Aroldis Chapman retired the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances.
Brayan Pena singled four times and drove in a pair of runs. Joey Votto singled in four at-bats a day after his three - homer game.