WASHINGTON--In a matchup against Max Scherzer and the first-place Washington Nationals, Johnny Cueto lifted his game to another level--perhaps that of an All-Star.
Cueto pitched a two - hitter with 11 strikeouts, Joey Votto homered and drove in three runs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Nationals 5 - 0 Tuesday night.
The potential pitching duel between Cueto and Scherzer never materialized. Cueto kept up his end, retiring the final 15 batters in one of the best performances of his career.
With the Reds now 38 - 44 and Johnny Cueto a free agent at season's end, he might be the top player available at the trade deadline.
The Reds have gotten the most out of Johnny Cueto, including another dominating performance Tuesday night. But has he been used too much?
Cueto (6 - 5) threw 122 pitches in his fifth career shutout. It was the first time in 210 starts he had at least 11 strikeouts and gave up two hits or fewer.
Cueto is among the candidates vying to earn a spot on the All-Star roster via a final vote from the fans, and this performance certainly didn't hurt his bid.
Scherzer already has a spot on the All-Star roster, but Cueto was clearly the better pitcher on this night.
Scherzer (9 - 7) gave up five runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings, his shortest outing in more than a year. The five runs were more than he allowed in his previous four games combined, a stretch that included a no-hitter and a one - hitter.
Votto was the main culprit. He doubled in a run in the first inning, hit a solo homer in the third and added an RBI single in the fifth.
But the star was Cueto, who pitched his 11th career complete game. It was the 30th start in the last two seasons in which he allowed no more than two runs over at least seven innings.
Jay Bruce had two hits and an RBI for the Reds, who will try for a 6 - 0 sweep of the season series Wednesday night.
Scherzer gave up two runs before getting two outs. After Brandon Phillips opened the game with a single, Votto hit an RBI double and scored on a triple by Bruce.
Votto made it 3 - 0 in the third with his 15th home run, a drive that soared over the right-field wall into the Washington bullpen.
Cincinnati used an RBI single by Votto and a sacrifice fly by Todd Frazier to chase Scherzer in the fifth. He entered the game with a 1.82 ERA and left at 2.12.