ATLANTA--Dan Haren had been waiting to prove he belonged in Washington's vaunted starting rotation.
After winning his past two starts, Haren is feeling a little better, and that's mostly because he's not overthrowing his fastball.
Haren pitched eight sharp innings, Denard Span hit a two - run double and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 1 on Thursday night.
The Nationals, who snapped a nine - game losing streak to Atlanta on Wednesday, allowed their NL East rivals to get only three runners in scoring position over two nights.
Haren (3 - 3) gave up four hits and one run with one walk and four strikeouts.
Rafael Soriano earned his ninth save in 10 chances by pitching the ninth. He retired Justin Upton and Freddie Freeman on groundouts before Evan Gattis singled and Dan Uggla popped up.
Washington got off to a good start in the first against Kris Medlen, breaking its 15-game streak without a first-inning run when Span led off with a double, advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Steve Lombardozzi's RBI single.
Adam LaRoche doubled and rookie Anthony Rendon singled to start the second. With two outs, Span doubled past third baseman Chris Johnson on a play that was originally scored an error and later changed to a hit.
Medlen (1 - 4) lost his third straight start for the first time in his career, allowing seven hits, three runs and three walks in seven innings. He struck out eight.
Haren shook off his 7.31 career ERA in three career starts at Turner Field to pitch well in consecutive outings for the first time since signing as a free agent with the Nationals last winter.
His results weren't much different from Wednesday, when Jordan Zimmerman pitched eight scoreless innings against Atlanta. Haren had the Braves guessing all night until Uggla's fifth homer cut the lead to 3 - 1 with two out in the seventh.
Needing just 13 pitches to get through the first two innings, Haren didn't allow a hit until Freeman's two - out single in the fourth. Haren made just 69 pitches through the seventh.
Of Atlanta's three runners in scoring position the last two games, two of them--Medlen and Paul Maholm--were pitchers.
Span went 3 for 4 with a walk. He snapped an 0 - for - 41 skid that the Nationals had this season against the Atlanta bullpen when he singled off Jordan Walden in the ninth.