ANAHEIM, Calif.--There was a lot of grumbling in the Los Angeles Angels' clubhouse following Garrett Richards' latest strong performance.
Richards won his sixth decision in seven starts and had a career-high 11 strikeouts Sunday, leading the surging Angels to a 6 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros and completing a four - game sweep that extended Los Angeles' home winning streak to 10 games.
But when the pitchers and reserves for the AL All-Star team were announced after the game, Richards' name wasn't among them. He could still get the final spot on the squad through fan voting on the Internet.
Richards (10 - 2) allowed six hits over 7⅓ innings, including an RBI single by Carlos Corporan in the seventh. The right-hander has a 1.45 ERA in his past seven outings and has allowed no more than four hits in six of them.
Richards' strikeout total was the highest by an Angels pitcher since June 18 last season, when Joe Blanton fanned 11 in a no-decision against Seattle at Anaheim.
Albert Pujols drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single and Kole Calhoun homered, helping the Angels go 15 games over.500 for the first time since ending the 2012 season at 89 - 73. They swept a four - game set at home for the first time since July 2011 against Seattle and are 21 - 3 at the "Big A" since May 17--their best 24-game stretch at home in franchise history.
Joe Thatcher, obtained in a trade from Arizona on Saturday, threw one pitch in his Angels debut and gave up a one - out single in the eighth by Jason Castro. But Mike Morin finished the inning with a diving catch of Jon Singleton's popup after first baseman C. J. Cron collided with catcher Hank Conger to the right of the mound, knocking the ball out of Conger's mitt.
Collin McHugh (4 - 8) gave up three runs--two earned--and four hits through four innings before leaving with a broken nail on his middle finger. The right-hander walked two and struck out four in his third start against the Angels this year, becoming the first pitcher in Astros history to get at least four strikeouts in each of his first 14 starts of a season.
The Angels loaded the bases in the third when McHugh gave up singles by Conger and Calhoun and hit Trout on the left biceps with a first-pitch fastball. Pujols stroked a two - run single to left field to open the scoring.
Until that hit, the three - time NL MVP was 0 - for - 13 this season in bases-loaded situations. Trout then scored from second on a throwing error by second baseman Jose Altuve, who was trying to complete a double play on Josh Hamilton's grounder to shortstop Marwin Gonzalez.
"Right now we're in a rut, and we have not played well. But nobody is going to feel sorry for you. It's up to the men in this clubhouse. These are the guys that we have and those are the guys we're going to run out there. It's going to be up to us to rectify what it is we have going."
Calhoun added his ninth homer in the seventh against David Martinez, who was pitching his third inning after getting recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City. The Angels tacked on two more runs in the eighth against Chad Qualls.