SEATTLE--Michael Saunders is showing signs of snapping out of his terrible slump.
Saunders hit a two - run homer, Blake Beavan pitched into the sixth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Sunday for their fifth straight victory.
Seattle completed a three - game series sweep and has won 12 of 13 at Safeco Field. Minnesota lost its fifth in a row.
The Mariners held a slim 2 - 1 lead before Saunders drove a 1 - 0 pitch from Jeff Gray over the wall in right in the seventh. Dustin Ackley, who led off with a double, was aboard for Saunders' career-best 11th homer.
Saunders went 5 for 12 in the series against Minnesota to raise his August batting average to.155.
Ground zero, for Saunders, is his refigured swing honed during the offseason. He came into the season with a.196 career average in three years with the Mariners but got off to a strong start in 2012. He was hitting as high as.282 in mid-June but has been on a steady decline since.
He was mired in a 2 - for - 42 rut before the Twins came to town. Sunday's homer was his first since July 24.
Beavan (8 - 7) also is showing some progress after a first-half demotion to the minors. Since being recalled from Triple-A Tacoma, he is 5 - 1 with a 3.74 ERA in six starts.
Samuel Deduno (4 - 1) issued six walks in six innings for Minnesota, but limited Seattle to two runs and five hits.
Trevor Plouffe put the Twins in front with a sacrifice fly in the second inning, but the Mariners took advantage of Deduno's wildness to take the lead in the third.
Ackley reached on a leadoff walk and Saunders singled to center. Deduno then issued consecutive walks to Kyle Seager and John Jaso to force home a run. Jesus Montero bounced into a double play, allowing Saunders to score for a 2 - 1 lead.
Beavan said the Twins, known for patience and plate discipline, played into his hands.
The Twins finally chased Beavan in the sixth after one - out singles by Justin Morneau and Ryan Doumit. Carter Capps came in and walked Plouffe to load the bases, then struck out Matt Carson and retired Pedro Florimon to end the inning.
After Saunders' home run, the Mariners added one more in the seventh on Eric Thames' RBI double.