The Golden State Warriors defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, 121 - 109, in Game 1 of the Western Conference first - round playoff series at Oracle Arena on Sunday afternoon. Golden State has a 10 lead in the best - of - seven series. The Warriors (10) came into the series knowing they'd finally have their Big Three of Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson on the floor together and at full strength to open the defense of their Western Conference championship. However, the sometimes forgotten man on the Golden State offense, the jack - of - all - trades Draymond Green, stepped up his offensive game considerably in the opening tilt of the first - round series. Green provided a near triple - double of 19 points, 12 rebounds and nine assists, while adding five blocks and three steals in a superb all - around effort. Both of the latter contributions were game - high figures, and his defense helped spearhead a pivotal 15 - 2 run in the fourth quarter for the Warriors that subdued what had been a feisty Blazers (0 - 1) squad. Golden State finished with a 53 percent success rate from the floor and limited Portland to a 43 percent tally. The Blazers were led by C.J. McCollum, who poured in 41 points and added eight rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. He took a whopping 28 shots on the afternoon, impressively draining 16. Backcourt mate Damian Lillard followed with 34 points, which he supplemented with five rebounds, three assists, two steals and one block. Evan Turner drew the start and posted a 12 - point, 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and one steal. Moe Harkless managed 11 points, three boards, one assist, two steals and one block. Noah Vonleh couldn't contribute much on the offensive end, mustering just two points. He did haul in five rebounds and dished out four assists. Durant paced the Warriors with 32 points, which he complemented with 10 rebounds, two assists and one block. Curry poured in 29 points and added five rebounds, four assists, one steal and one block. Thompson posted 15 points, three rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Ian Clark led the second unit with 12 points, two boards and one steal. The two teams will reconvene at Oracle Arena for Game 2 on Wednesday night.