The Sacramento Kings defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, 131 - 120, at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday evening. With their surprisingly high - powered offensive performances over the first three games, the Kings (1 - 2) have seemingly caught the rest of the NBA off guard. The latest team to fall victim to their high - scoring prowess was the Thunder (0 - 3), which failed to notch their first win of the season despite the debut of Russell Westbrook (knee). The perennial All-Star unexpectedly logged 35 minutes despite not having had the benefit of a training camp or preseason and racked up 35 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists. However, Sacramento saw every member of their first unit post double - digit scoring totals and shot a blistering 55 percent overall, including 46 percent from three - point range. In contrast, the majority of OKC'S offense ran through Westbrook and Paul George, and as a team, they only mustered a 23 percent success rate from behind the arc. Iman Shumpert drew the start and led the Kings with 26 points, a total he supplemented with four assists, three rebounds, three steals and two blocks. De'Aaron Fox supplied 22 points, 10 assists, four rebounds, one steal and one block. Buddy Hield pitched in 17 points, five boards and two assists. Willie Cauley-Stein and Marvin Bagley III generated matching 13 - point tallies from the first unit and bench, respectively. Each also brought down seven rebounds. Nemanja Bjelica totaled 12 points, five rebounds, four assists, three steals and one block. George followed Westbrook with 29 points, six rebounds, two assists and three steals. Dennis Schroder still logged 32 minutes despite Westbrook's return and posted 14 points, eight assists, four rebounds and one steal. Hamidou Diallo registered 11 points, two assists, a rebound and two steals. Adams managed 10 points, 14 rebounds, three blocks and two steals. The Kings remain on the road and next tangle with the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday evening, while the Thunder try again for their first win against the Boston Celtics at home on Thursday evening.