CLEVELAND--Mike Napoli has provided a spark for the Cleveland Indians all season, and did it again in Thursday night's 14 - 4 rout over the Los Angeles Angels.
Napoli was 4 for 4 with a homer and four RBI, Lonnie Chisenhall drove in four and the Indians scored five times in the first inning.
Indians designated hitter Carlos Santana left with a contusion on the right side of his head after being struck by a foul ball while standing in the dugout during the fifth inning.
Indians manager Terry Francona said Santana underwent tests and was feeling better when he left the ballpark. The Indians will monitor him to see if he sustained a concussion.
Santana hit his 25th homer to lead off the first before Chisenhall followed with a three - run double.
Napoli's three - run homer, his 29th, highlighted a four - run fifth. He also had an RBI double in the second. Chisenhall added an RBI double in the fourth as the Indians scored in each of the first five innings.
Napoli began his career with the Angels and played for them from 2006 - 10. He's batting.338 (68 for 201) with 19 home runs and 43 RBI lifetime against them since they traded him to Toronto before the 2011 season.
Corey Kluber (12 - 8) allowed three runs in six innings. He is 4 - 0 with a 1.88 ERA in his last six starts.
Mike Trout homered in the first for Los Angeles, which has dropped seven straight--its longest losing streak since 2010.
Kluber knew the early lead was the difference.
Jhoulys Chacin (2 - 6), who replaced Tim Lincecum in the Angels' rotation, allowed seven runs in 1 1/3 innings.
Santana was standing behind the railing on the top step of the dugout when he was struck by teammate Francisco Lindor's foul ball. Santana went down and was helped to the clubhouse by trainers.
The Indians began an 11-game homestand by moving four games ahead of idle Detroit in the AL Central.
Trout was 1 for 13 with an infield hit and eight strikeouts coming into the game. The homer was his 22nd.
Cliff Pennington also homered off Kluber in the third, his third of the season.
The game was delayed by rain in the fourth and seventh innings for a total of 1 hour, 10 minutes.