ANAHEIM, Calif.--Rookie sensation Shohei Ohtani is making himself at home in the Big A.
Ohtani hit a home run for the third straight game and the Los Angeles Angels rallied from an early six - run deficit to beat the Oakland Athletics 13 - 9 on Friday night.
The two - way star from Japan connected for a long, solo drive in the second inning against Daniel Gossett. The ball landed in the rocks beyond the center field wall after traveling 449 feet and was measured with a 112.3 mph exit velocity according to Statcast, the hardest-hit and longest of Ohtani's three major league homers.
Ohtani, who is batting.462 (6 for 13) at home, drew a walk on four pitches with the bases loaded to pull the Angels within 8 - 7 in the fifth.
All seven of his RBI through his first four games have come in home games.
Ohtani is scheduled to pitch Sunday--the 23-year-old won his first big league start last weekend against the A's.
Angels manager Mike Scioscia does not plan to use Ohtani as the designated hitter on Saturday and have him get a chance to extend his homer streak. But Scioscia said he would be open to letting Ohtani hit before or after a start later this season.
The Angels trailed 6 - 0 in the second. Boosted by five home runs, the A's still led 9 - 7 in the seventh before third baseman Matt Chapman's throwing error on a grounder by Zack Cozart allowed two runs. Justin Upton then broke the tie with a three - run homer.
Jim Johnson (1 - 0) got the win as the Angels took their third in a row and won for the sixth time in seven games. Simmons and Luis Valbuena each had two RBI.
Matt Joyce and Marcus Semien hit back-to-back homers as part of a five - run second inning, and the Athletics sent Parker Bridwell to the dugout after 1 2/3 innings. Joyce's two - run shot to right was his first of the season, and Semien followed it up with a solo homer to center for his first to put the Athletics ahead 6 - 0.
The Athletics also hit consecutive home runs against the Angels in the season opener on March 29.
Chapman had a two - run homer in the fifth, and Matt Olson added a solo shot in the seventh. Jed Lowrie hit a solo home run in the first--he singled with two outs in the ninth, but was caught taking a wide turn around first for the final out.
Blake Treinen (0 - 1) took the loss.