PHILADELPHIA--Josh Bell didn't let a defensive miscue get him down. He just made up for it with his bat.
Bell homered, doubled and drove in three runs, and Gregory Polanco had four hits with a home run and two RBI to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 6 - 3 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night.
Andrew McCutchen added three hits with two doubles for the Pirates, who have won three straight.
Bell made up for his third-inning defensive gaffe with a two - run homer in the fourth before a go-ahead RBI double in the eighth.
Philadelphia went up 1 - 0 when Andrew Knapp scored from first base after Bell wasn't paying attention on catcher Elias Diaz's pickoff attempt.
The ball went all the way to the right-field corner. Bell was distracted as Andres Blanco's bat went flying out of his hands and into the stands on the play.
Pirates starter Chad Kuhl provided encouragement in between innings, and Bell responded with his 16th homer to set a Pirates record for homers by a rookie before the All-Star break.
Kuhl (3 - 6) allowed three runs--two earned--and six hits in a career-high seven innings.
Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth for his first save.
After Bell's homer made it 2 - 1, two batters later Polanco lined starter Jeremy Hellickson's changeup into the seats in right to give the Pirates a two - run lead. Bell later broke a 3-all tie in the eighth with a double off Joaquin Benoit (1 - 3) that scored the go-ahead run.
Aaron Altherr had two hits and two RBI for the Phillies.
Altherr tied it at 3 in the seventh with a two - run single. However, he was thrown out at second base trying to stretch the single into a double. It was the second time that happened to Altherr and the third time to a Phillie in the game. Odubel Herrera was caught trying to reach second right after Altherr in the second inning.
Left fielder Jose Osuna got an assist on all three plays. The last time the Pirates had three assists by an outfielder was 1991 when Cecil Espy did it.
The game was delayed 47 minutes at the start by rain and was played under a persistent drizzle for most of the night.