DETROIT--Tigers manager Jim Leyland had to send Will Rhymes back to the minors, and he wasn't happy about it.
At least Rhymes got in another nice game before returning to Triple-A Toledo.
Rhymes had three hits and two RBIs to help Detroit beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 4 on Sunday.
Johnny Damon drove in three runs and Alex Avila also had two RBIs for the struggling Tigers, who snapped a four - game losing streak and avoided a sweep in the weekend series. Detroit scored three times in the fifth, sixth and eighth innings.
Rhymes was demoted after the game because the Tigers' regular second baseman, Carlos Guillen, will be activated from the 15-day disabled list on Monday. Guillen is finishing up a rehabilitation assignment at Class-A West Michigan after being sidelined with a right calf strain.
Rhymes, who was promoted when Guillen went on the DL on July 25, was the only player the Tigers could afford to send down.
Rhymes hit.259 with four RBIs in 15 games in his first stint in the majors. Leyland said he was impressive, particularly in the field.
"It's tough, but at the same time it was really just a numbers game. With Carlos here, I wouldn't get any at-bats."
Detroit chased Trevor Bell (1 - 3) in the sixth. Avila grounded a tiebreaking two - run single just past diving second baseman Maicer Izturis and Rhymes added a two - out RBI single off Michael Kohn that made it 6 - 3.
Damon hit a two - run single in the eighth and Austin Jackson drove in a run with a base hit as the Tigers increased their lead to 9 - 4.
Detroit won despite numerous mistakes, including two errors, a run-scoring wild pitch by Rick Porcello and a couple of baserunning miscues.
Porcello (5 - 10) allowed three runs, two earned, and eight hits in six innings to earn his first win since May 23.
Bell (1 - 3) yielded six runs, four earned, and nine hits.
The Angels took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Porcello to take a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth. Alberto Callaspo reached on the pitcher's error to begin the inning, then moved to third on Izturis' single to right. He scored on a wild pitch.
Rhymes and Damon hit consecutive RBI doubles with two out in the fifth but the Angels tied it at 3 on run-scoring singles by Juan Rivera and Mike Mathis in the sixth.