SAN FRANCISCO--Impending free agent Mike Leake gave the Giants something to think about in his final start of the season.
Now it's up to San Francisco general manager Bobby Evans and the rest of the team's brass to figure out whether Leake will be back in 2016.
Leake pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout, and the Giants beat the playoff-bound Los Angeles Dodgers 5 - 0 on Wednesday night.
A day after being eliminated from postseason contention, the Giants jumped to an early lead, then rode Leake to beat the Dodgers for the eighth time in nine games at AT & T Park.
Leake (11 - 10) struck out one and walked three to win for just the second time in nine starts since being acquired in a trade from Cincinnati on July 30. He faced only three over the minimum.
Leake said he'd like to figure out quickly where he'll be pitching in 2016. Bochy sounded optimistic about Leake re-signing with the Giants; Leake also said he is open to returning.
Jimmy Rollins singled in the fourth for the Dodgers, who remain one game behind the New York Mets for the No. 2 seed in the NL. The two teams will play each other in the NL Division Series, though home-field advantage for that showdown has yet to be decided.
Matt Duffy had three hits, including a two - run home run, and Nick Noonan hit his first career homer for the Giants, who have won four of five.
The game drew another sellout crowd to the Giants' waterfront ballpark, but had far less emotion than Tuesday's contest, which ended with Los Angeles players celebrating their third consecutive NL West title in the defending World Series champions' stadium.
There was no celebration this time, though the Giants relished playing spoiler to their longtime rivals by keeping them behind the Mets.
Duffy hit his 12th home run of the season in the first after Kelby Tomlinson drew a one - out walk off Dodgers starter Mike Bolsinger (6 - 6). Duffy, who went into the game leading all NL rookies in hits, also singled in the sixth and in the ninth.
Angel Pagan reached on an infield single in the third when Bolsinger was late covering the bag, and Tomlinson followed with an RBI double into the right-field corner to make it 2 - 0.
Noonan homered off Joel Peralta in the seventh.
Bolsinger gave up three runs and four hits in 3⅓ innings. He struck out seven and walked two but remained winless since Sept. 4.