DENVER--Rubby De La Rosa takes a reliever's mentality into his starting role. All he wants to do is get through one inning.
Simple. Effective, too.
The hard-throwing righty took a shutout into the eighth before running out of steam, Paul Goldschmidt homered and the Arizona Diamondbacks won their fifth straight game by beating the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night.
De La Rosa (4 - 4) handcuffed the Rockies for 7 1/3 innings with a fastball that routinely touched 95 mph. He allowed four hits and struck out six. The only run he allowed was on a wild pitch.
"Everything was perfect," De La Rosa added.
Even right down to the execution of his game plan. His goal was to pitch the Rockies inside and then mix in some sliders.
Same goes for De La Rosa's safety squeeze bunt in the sixth. It was his first RBI of the season and part of a four - run inning that broke open the game.
Chris Rusin (1 - 1) was cruising along until he unraveled in the sixth. He allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings as the Rockies dropped their seventh straight game at Coors Field--their longest skid at home since 2012. The team record is nine in a row in 1993.
Yasmany Tomas played a big role in his return to the lineup after missing four games with a sore neck. And while he had three hits, it was Tomas' intentional walk in the sixth paved the way for the breakout inning. After that, it went like this: Chris Owings' run-scoring double, Nick Ahmed's RBI single, De La Rosa brought in a run on a sacrifice bunt and finally Jean Segura's RBI single.
Goldschmidt's towering solo homer in the seventh marked the 43rd straight game he's reached base against the Rockies. It's the fourth-longest streak versus Colorado. The top mark belongs to Mike Piazza, who reached base in 48 straight games against Colorado from July 1995 to September 1999.
The Diamondbacks first baseman made some adjustments in the batting cage the day before and it paid off in a big way. Asked what kind of changes he made, Hale played coy.
Charlie Blackmon had a single to lead off the game. After that, Colorado mustered only three more off De La Rosa before he handed things over to the bullpen.