BALTIMORE--Following a tense weekend series at packed Yankee Stadium, the Tampa Bay Rays were poised for a letdown against the lowly Baltimore Orioles before a small gathering at Camden Yards.
By the third inning, it became evident the Rays clearly were in the proper frame of mind.
Rookie Wade Davis allowed one run over eight innings in another sparkling performance against the Orioles, Evan Longoria had two hits during a seven - run third, and Tampa rolled to an 8 - 1 victory Monday night.
Jason Bartlett drove in two runs for the Rays, who are 4 - 0 against the Orioles at Camden Yards and 6 - 1 overall. Tampa Bay owns the best road record in the majors (30 - 16) despite losing two of three to the first-place Yankees over the weekend.
Playing against the worst team in the majors before a crowd of 12,792, the Rays found enough inspiration to win for the 10th time in 13 games.
Davis (7 - 9) gave up seven hits, walked one and struck out three. The right-hander is 9 - 11 in his brief big-league career, but in three starts against Baltimore he's 3 - 0 with an 0.75 ERA.
Davis has won two straight starts after losing a career-high five consecutive decisions.
Getting an 8 - 0 lead in the third inning made his job particularly easy.
Cesar Izturis had two hits and drove in the lone run for the Orioles, who have lost four straight--the last two by a combined 18 - 2 score.
Orioles starter Chris Tillman (1 - 4) surrendered eight runs, seven hits and four walks in 2 2/3 innings. He also hit a batter.
Just before the All-Star break, Tillman limited Texas to two hits over 7 1/3 innings. That's what made this outing so difficult to swallow.
Tampa Bay got a second-inning run when John Jaso drew a leadoff walk and scored on a two - out double by Ben Zobrist, who had one RBI over his previous 12 games.
The Rays sent 11 batters to the plate in the third. Matt Joyce doubled in a run and B. J. Upton drew a bases-loaded walk before Bartlett hit a two - run single and Sean Rodriguez drove in a run with a safety squeeze.
Carl Crawford then chased Tillman with a run-scoring triple, and Longoria greeted Matt Albers with an RBI single.
Baltimore used a walk and singles by Craig Tatum and Izturis to get a run in the fifth.