ATLANTA--Mike Foltynewicz is showing he can be more than just a fastball pitcher--and that he can be part of the Braves' long-term rotation.
Foltynewicz continued his recent upswing by allowing only three hits and one run in six - plus innings, Mallex Smith hit a three - run triple and Atlanta beat Jeff Samardzija and the San Francisco Giants 5 - 3 on Monday.
The Braves survived San Francisco's two - run, ninth-inning rally. They have won three of four and are 5 - 21 at home, still easily the worst in the majors.
Foltynewicz (2 - 2) gave up a leadoff homer to Brandon Belt in the second inning, but allowed only one other runner to advance to second.
Foltynewicz, 24, has had other recent strong starts, including eight scoreless innings in a 5 - 0 win at Kansas City on May 14. His start on Monday may have been his most impressive demonstration of altering the speeds of his fastball while mixing in a curveball and slider.
Foltynewicz showed he doesn't have to throw his fastball at full velocity.
The Giants rallied against Braves closer Arodys Vizcaino in the ninth.
Brandon Crawford's run-scoring single was the Giants' third straight hit off Vizcaino. The closer struck out Jarrett Parker before second baseman Kelly Johnson bobbled pinch-hitter Buster Posey's grounder, allowing another run to score. Kolby Tomlinson's grounder to third base ended the game.
The Giants suffered only their third loss in their past 15 road games. Overall, it was San Francisco's third loss in 18 games.
Samardzija (7 - 3) was looking for his fourth straight win as a starter for the first time in his career. The right-hander allowed five runs, four earned, and six hits and two walks in five innings--his shortest start of the season.
Giants manager Bruce Bochy said some calls on pitches went against Samardzija.
Samardzija and the Giants paid for a decision to issue an intentional walk to A. J. Pierzynski, loading the bases with one out in the second. Samardzija struck out Foltynewicz, the No. 8 hitter, before Smith's triple to the left-center gap. It was Smith's third triple, and he ranks second on the team with 18 RBI.