SAN FRANCISCO--Juan Uribe had a night to remember. Matt Cain wants to forget this one as soon as possible.
Uribe matched his career high with seven RBIs, helping the Los Angeles Dodgers rout the struggling San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Friday.
Uribe chased Cain with a bases-clearing triple in the third and hit a two - run homer in the seventh. He also drove in seven runs for the Chicago White Sox in a 17 - 14 loss to the Montreal Expos on June 19, 2004.
The Dodgers won for the 11th time in 13 games. Hanley Ramirez had two hits to extend his hitting streak to 16 games, and Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched into the seventh inning in his first win since May 28.
There was a bit of a downer to the big victory, with center fielder Matt Kemp departing due to an irritated left shoulder.
Kemp received a cortisone shot and will miss Saturday's game. He will be re-evaluated Sunday.
San Francisco also lost its center fielder when Andres Torres departed with a right calf strain.
The Giants have dropped four straight and 12 of 14. Hunter Pence and Tony Abreu each drove in a run for the World Series champions.
Cain (5 - 5) was charged with six runs and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings, matching his career low. The right-hander was 5 - 0 in his previous 11 starts against the Dodgers.
Ryu (7 - 3) allowed two runs and four hits over 6 2/3 innings. The left-hander was 0 - 1 with a 2.70 ERA in his previous five outings.
Ryu retired 11 straight between Pablo Sandoval's double in the third and Brandon Belt's double leading off the seventh. He also had an RBI single in the Dodgers' six - run third inning.
Pence had a run-scoring fielder's choice in the first, but Uribe hit a two - run double in the second before Los Angeles broke it open in the third. Ramirez singled in Yasiel Puig and A. J. Ellis drove in Adrian Gonzalez with a base hit in the big inning.
Uribe's fifth homer gave him the most RBIs in a game for the Dodgers since James Loney drove in nine in 2006.
Abreu ended the Giants' 0 - for - 20 streak with runners in scoring position with his seventh-inning single.