MIAMI--Once Cody Ross slid across the plate, he kept going--right into the arms of a jubilant Hanley Ramirez.
The rest of the Florida Marlins quickly joined the scene of celebration triggered by a wild pitch. It allowed Ross to score from third with one out in the ninth inning Thursday night for a 2 - 1 win over the New York Mets.
Ross walked with one out against Nieve (1 - 2) and took third on a single by Ronny Paulino. Mets manager Jerry Manuel decided against bringing in closer Francisco Rodriguez, and Nieve's first pitch to pinch-hitter Dan Uggla was a breaking ball in the dirt that bounced away from catcher Rod Barajas.
Ross scored without a play.
Johan Santana and Josh Johnson each went seven innings and departed with the score 1-all.
Leo Nunez (2 - 0) pitched a scoreless ninth after Luis Castillo reached second on a single and an error to start the inning. Jose Reyes was retired after failing in an attempt to bunt Castillo to third, and David Wright struck out for the 46th time this year to end the threat.
That gave the Marlins the lift they needed.
Each of New York's past 10 games have been decided by less than three runs. Starting a three - city, eight - game trip, the Mets have the fewest road wins in the majors and are now 4 - 9 away from home.
They're also 4 - 9 in one - run games. The Mets totaled only four hits, with none between the second and ninth innings.
The Marlins' hitters are struggling, too. Florida has scored 28 runs in the past nine games.
Gaby Sanchez went 3 for 3 against Santana, but the Marlins went 1 for 5 with runners in scoring position and grounded into three double plays.
Santana's pinpoint location betrayed him only once--on a throw to second base. His misfire led to an unearned run in the third.
The left-hander, who had perhaps his best changeup of the year, gave up six hits and struck out five.
Johnson allowed only three hits, all singles in the span of five batters in the second inning, including a two - out hit by Barajas. Johnson struck out seven and walked none.
The Marlins are last in the majors in fielding, but defense kept them in the game. Angel Pagan was twice robbed of a hit when left fielder Chris Coghlan and second baseman Brian Barden made diving plays, and first baseman Sanchez's leaping catch of a liner by Santana with two on ended the second inning.