DETROIT--Justin Verlander leaned forward a bit, hoping this line drive would land foul.
Then he arched his back in disappointment when the ball hit the line, kicking up chalk on its way to the left-field corner.
Verlander lost a bid for his third no-hitter when Chris Iannetta hit a leadoff double in the ninth inning, and the Detroit Tigers beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 0 Wednesday night.
Trying to become the sixth major leaguer to throw three no-hitters, Verlander settled instead for a one - hit shutout.
The Minnesota Twins get their sixth win in a row and top our nightly Top 5.
Justin Verlander's near no-hitter Wednesday showed the Detroit Tigers that maybe Verlander can get back to ace status next season.
Justin Verlander's gem halted the Detroit Tigers' five - game losing streak and injected life into a room that has been simmering with frustration.
He was an inch away from so much more.
Verlander (2 - 6) retired the next three batters after Iannetta, who is hitting.188, to finish his seventh career shutout and first in the regular season since May 18, 2012, against Pittsburgh. Verlander struck out nine and walked two in his first win since July 29.
He faced only 28 hitters--one more than the minimum--after inducing double plays following both walks.
Miguel Cabrera, J. D. Martinez and Nick Castellanos homered to help the Tigers stop a five - game slide.
Verlander's most recent no-hitter came at Toronto on May 7, 2011. He also pitched one against Milwaukee on June 12, 2007.
Wednesday's effort marked the seventh time in the last five seasons Verlander carried a no-hit bid into at least the seventh inning. He took one into the ninth in that 2012 shutout against the Pirates before Josh Harrison broke it up with one out.
Verlander is a different pitcher now, no longer reaching triple digits on the radar gun with regularity. He showed Wednesday how tough he can still be.
Following a triceps injury in the spring, Verlander didn't make his first start this season until June 13. He won only once in his first 12 outings.
In July, he allowed seven runs over 3⅔ innings against Baltimore and was booed as he left the mound--the first time that had happened in his Tigers career.
In seven starts since that game, he's posted a 1.38 ERA and struck out 49, walking only eight.
Verlander's latest gem came five days after Houston right-hander Mike Fiers tossed the fifth no-hitter in the majors this season.
Four times now in 2015 a no-hit bid has been broken up in the ninth inning.
Verlander struck out five consecutive batters before walking David Murphy on four pitches to start the eighth, including Mike Trout looking at a breaking ball for the second out in the seventh. Albert Pujols then went down swinging at an inside fastball.
Verlander's second career one - hitter was his first complete game since he shut out Oakland on the road in the decisive fifth game of the 2012 AL Division Series.
Hector Santiago (7 - 8) allowed five runs and seven hits in 4⅓ innings for the Angels.