MILWAUKEE--Kyle Lohse finally beat the St. Louis Cardinals, and the win didn't come that easily.
Lohse beat the Cardinals in his fourth try this season and Sean Halton knocked in a career-high three runs to help the Milwaukee Brewers beat St. Louis 6 - 3 Tuesday night.
Lohse had his best major league season in 2012 when he went 16 - 3 with a 2.88 ERA in 33 starts with St. Louis. The Cardinals did not try to re-sign him and he became a free agent.
Lohse said the win was just like any other even if it snapped a five - game losing streak against the Cardinals.
Lohse left after six innings with the Brewers leading 6 - 3. He earned his team-leading 17th quality start, including six in his last seven. He struck out four, walked two and allowed six hits and three runs, two coming on Yadier Molina's two - run homer in the fourth. Molina doubled and scored in the second on Matt Adams' single.
John Axford and Brandon Kintzler each pitched a scoreless inning, and Jim Henderson pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 22 chances.
The Cardinals were ahead 3 - 0 when the Brewers fought back with a five - run fourth that put Lohse back in line for the victory.
Lance Lynn (13 - 7) got roughed up in the fourth, highlighted by Halton's two - run single with the bases loaded.
Milwaukee's first six batters in the frame reached, loading the bases twice with no outs. Scooter Gennett drove in the first run with a single. After Aramis Ramirez singled and Khris Davis reached on Lynn's fielding error, Halton drove them in with a line drive to center that doubled his season RBI total. Logan Schafer followed with an RBI single and Norichika Aoki tacked on the last run with a sacrifice fly.
Kolten Wong, who had his first two major league hits Monday night, continued getting on base for St. Louis. He went 3 for 5 with two singles and a double. The team's No. 1. pick in the 2011 draft joined the Cardinals from Triple-A Memphis Friday night in Chicago.
Halton set a career mark in the fifth with his third RBI of the game. Davis singled, stole second and scored on Halton's grounder into center.
Carlos Beltran singled and scored on Molina's 10th home run of the season.
Adams beat the Brewers' defensive shift in the second inning and knocked in Molina with the Cardinals' first run. Adams blooped a single over the head of shortstop Jean Segura, positioned on the right side of second base. Molina was on with a double over the head of center fielder Schafer. The ball flicked off Schafer's glove and rolled to the wall.
The Brewers have almost no chance at the playoffs and are resigned to playing the role of spoiler.