ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Brandon Inge still has some pop in his bat.
Released by Detroit last month, Inge hit his first homer for Oakland and drove in four runs as the Athletics roughed up rookie Matt Moore in a 9 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday.
Jonny Gomes and Daric Barton knocked in two runs apiece for the A's, who took two of three at Tropicana Field to hand the Rays their first series loss since Boston took three of four April 13 - 16.
Tampa Bay dropped its second straight, falling to 13 - 3 at home, and failed again to become the first major league team to reach 20 wins.
The 34-year-old Inge, dumped by Detroit on April 26 after 11 seasons with the Tigers, hit a three - run shot off Moore (1 - 2) in the third inning to give the A's a 5 - 4 lead after Tommy Milone struggled in the first.
The A's wrapped up a 5 - 4 East Coast road trip against Baltimore, Boston and Tampa Bay, winning series against the Red Sox and Rays.
Inge, an All-Star in 2009 when he had 84 RBIs, added a sacrifice fly in the seventh for his first game with at least four RBIs since July 5, 2010, against Minnesota. The third baseman was 1 for 10 with four strikeouts in the two previous games.
Milone (4 - 2) threw 41 pitches in a four - run first that included a two - run single by Matt Joyce, three walks and a hit batter. Milone then settled down until B. J. Upton hit a solo homer in the fifth.
Upton has 11 RBIs in 14 games since being activated from the disabled list on April 20. He also drew three of the seven walks issued by A's pitchers, while the Rays left eight runners on base.
Milone has given up 12 runs in his past two starts, including seven to Boston last Monday.
A's relievers Jerry Blevins, Ryan Cook, Brian Fuentes and Jordan Norberto picked up Milone, allowing just a hit over four combined innings.
Cook has not allowed a run in 14 2/3 relief innings.
Moore gave up a career-high eight runs in 4 2/3 innings and struck out four. He struggled to get through a five - run third by the A's that included RBI singles by Gomes and Cuban rookie Yoenis Cespedes.
Gomes added an RBI double and Barton bought in two more in a three - run fifth that knocked Moore out of the game after 105 pitches.
Gomes hit a go-ahead homer in extra innings Saturday and went 5 for 9 with four RBIs, two walks and two strikeouts in the series against the team that drafted him in the 18th round in 2001.
Tampa Bay pitchers gave up season highs in runs and hits (10).