ST. LOUIS--A fireworks display from the nearby riverfront began before closer Edward Mujica took the mound. After the final out, the St. Louis Cardinals had their own little display.
The Cardinals saw what they've seen all year from Mujica, the former setup man who capitalized on his chance with a perfect 21 - for - 21 start before finally blowing one on Thursday night.
Jake Westbrook worked seven strong innings and Allen Craig had two RBIs for a lineup that spoiled Jacob Turner's homecoming early on.
Matt Holliday doubled twice with an RBI and Mujica rebounded for the Cardinals, who had lost eight of 11 and plummeted from the majors' best record to second place in the NL Central entering a five - game homestand.
The Marlins totaled three hits and lost for just the third time in 11 games. They flubbed a scoring chance in the fifth with an unusual double play off a sacrifice bunt attempt from Turner.
The hard-throwing Turner (2 - 1), a former first-round pick from suburban St. Charles, Mo., and confidant of Cardinals manager Mike Matheny, surrendered four runs on seven hits in six innings. The 22-year-old entered with a 1.76 ERA his first six starts of the year and threw his first career complete game his last time out.
Matheny's son Tate caught Turner for a handful of games at Westminster Christian Academy before Turner was the Tigers' first-round pick in 2009. Matheny minimized his influence before the game, and afterward said knowledge of the back story wasn't a factor.
"They had a good game plan. They knew what they wanted to do."
Westbrook (5 - 3) was hurt only by Logan Morrison's 440-foot homer to straightaway center leading off the second that ended the right-hander's streak of 23 innings without allowing an earned run at home to start the season. The sinkerballer got all three outs on ground balls five times and benefited from two double plays, one of them a bit unusual, and is 3 - 1 in his last four starts.
Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the eighth before Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth, less than 24 hours after giving up a game-tying two - run homer to the Angels' Josh Hamilton in a 6 - 5 loss Thursday night.
With runners on first and second and none out in the fifth, Turner was called out by home plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth after his sacrifice bunt attempt bounced off the plate and right to catcher Yadier Molina for a quick tagout. Molina threw to third and Adeiny Hechavarria was ruled out without a tag, then was in the dugout before the Marlins could react.
Holliday and Craig doubled with two outs in the first to nearly identical drives to right-center to put the Cardinals in front. They got RBI doubles from Holliday and Matt Adams plus a sacrifice fly from Craig in the third to make it 4 - 1.
Craig is near the top of the National League with 68 RBIs and entered with a league-leading.469 average with runners in scoring position.
A standing room crowd of 46,177 attracted by a Mike Shannon bobblehead giveaway gave the longtime Cardinals announcer a lengthy ovation before the seventh. Shannon left the stadium with four bobbleheads in a shopping bag.