The Utah Jazz defeated the Washington Wizards, 107 - 104, at Capital One Arena on Wednesday evening. The Jazz (17 - 24) came into the contest facing relatively steep odds of a win, considering they'd notched only three road victories in 20 tries and the Wizards (23 - 18) owned a solid 13 - 7 mark at home. Matters looked even bleaker after Washington jumped out to a 32 - 25 lead after the first quarter. However, Utah bounced back to outscore their hosts by a 58 - 45 margin over the second and third quarters, even overcoming the adversity of seeing Rodney Hood get ejected in the third quarter for picking up a pair of technical fouls. Ultimately, the player who enjoyed the biggest boost in playing time due to Hood's early hook, veteran Joe Johnson, drained a trio of key free throws in the closing seconds to seal the hard - fought win. Both teams shot notably well, with the visitors posting a 47 percent success rate from the floor and the Wizards countering with an even more impressive 53 percent mark, including 40 percent from three - point range. However, ball security was a serious deterrent for Washington, as they turned the ball over a whopping 23 times. Ricky Rubio paced the Jazz with 21 points and added three assists, two rebounds and four steals. Donovan Mitchell followed with 16 points, a total he supplemented with five boards, four assists, one steal and one block. Ekpe Udoh matched Mitchell's scoring total and also tallied nine rebounds, two assists, three steals and two blocks. Johnson led the bench with 16 points of his own while also supplying four rebounds, four assists and three steals. Joe Ingles provided 10 points, six assists and five rebounds. Royce O'Neale poured in 10 as well in 14 minutes off the bench. John Wall paced the Wizards with a 35 - point, 11 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds, three steals and one block. Backcourt mate Bradley Beal followed with 23 points, seven assists and five rebounds. Otto Porter, Jr. supplied 14 points, six rebounds, one assist and three steals. Kelly Oubre, Jr. managed a bench - leading 12 points and added six rebounds. Marcin Gortat and Markieff Morris generated matching eight - point efforts, with the former adding eight rebounds and two assists, and the latter compiling six rebounds, two assists and one steal. The Jazz remain on the road and next head to North Carolina, where they'll take on the Hornets in a Friday night battle. The Wizards remain home and await a visit from the Orlando Magic on Friday evening as well.