ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Felix Hernandez didn't get the win. His dominant performance put the Seattle Mariners in position for victory, though.
Hernandez struck out a career-high 15 in seven innings before Endy Chavez keyed a five - run ninth with a tiebreaking RBI single, leading the Mariners to a 5 - 0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday.
Joe Maddon said Felix Hernandez had better stuff than in his perfect game. We look at King Felix's numbers from Sunday (and compare them to the perfecto) and from this season.
Rays manager Joe Maddon felt Hernandez was better than his perfect game against Tampa Bay on Aug. 15, 2012.
Ten of Hernandez's 12 swinging strikeouts came on changeups.
James Jones had a two - run triple for the Mariners, who have won seven of eight.
Hernandez had won his previous five starts, which was two away from tying the team record held by Jamie Moyer (2003) and Scott Bankhead (1989), but the Mariners were held scoreless until the ninth by Chris Archer and two relievers.
King Felix scattered four hits. He remains winless at Tropicana Field, going 0 - 2 in four starts.
After Brad Miller hit a two - out triple and Willie Bloomquist walked against Grant Balfour (0 - 2), the left-handed hitting Chavez slapped a two - strike single to left for a 1 - 0 lead. Jones had his triple before Kyle Seager added a two - run double.
Yoervis Medina (3 - 1) threw a scoreless eighth for the win.
Hernandez reached 1,800 career strikeouts when he struck out Evan Longoria to end the third. Hernandez struck out six through three innings, and 11 though five. This was the right-hander's 29th double-digit strikeout performance, which moved him past Mark Langston into sole possession of second place on the Mariners' career list.
Archer gave up five hits over 6 1/3 scoreless innings. He is just 1 - 1 over his last five starts despite allowing just three runs in 31 innings.
Tampa Bay has lost 12 of 13.
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the fifth, but failed to score. Archer got a forceout at the plate after making a stumbling grab on Jones' comebacker before left fielder Matt Joyce made a one - handed at the wall on Robinson Cano's opposite-field drive.
Cano extended his road hitting streak to 17 games with a one - out infield single in the eighth.