The Indiana Pacers defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 105 - 95, at Philips Arena on Wednesday night. The Pacers (18 - 14) came into the game with a vastly superior record to the Hawks (7 - 24), but it wasn't evident by the play in the first half. Atlanta hung with Indiana virtually point - for - point on their home court, leading to a slim 53 - 51 halftime advantage for the visitors. However, the Pacers managed to be just a bit better than the Hawks in the second half, outscoring their hosts by a 52 - 44 margin. They got it done with the help of some solid marksmanship, as they saw five players shoot better than 50 percent, and another tally a 46 percent success rate. Meanwhile, they played effective defense overall, with Atlanta's highest scorer, John Collins, posting a modest 18 points. Victor Oladipo led Indiana with 23 points, which he complemented with five rebounds, two assists and one steal. Myles Turner followed with 20 points and added six rebounds, two assists, three blocks and one steal. Bojan Bogdanovic poured in 19 points and also brought in one rebound and recorded two steals. Darren Collison registered 11 points, one rebound and one assist. Cory Joseph turned in 11 points, three boards and two assists in 28 minutes off the bench. Lance Stephenson filled out the stat sheet on the second unit, totaling 10 points, eight rebounds, six assists and one block. Collins supplemented his aforementioned team - high scoring haul with nine rebounds and one block. Kent Bazemore and Marco Belinelli managed matching 13 - point contributions from the starting five and bench, respectively. The former also offered three rebounds, three assists, one steal and one block, while the latter posted three assists and one rebound. Miles Plumlee collected 10 points, five rebounds, one assist, two blocks and one steal. Ersan Ilyasova matched Plumlee's scoring total and added five boards and one assist. Dennis Schroder had a rare down game with eight points on 4 - for - 15 shooting, and he also dished out eight assists, three rebounds and two steals. Taurean Prince had eight points, six rebounds, three assists and one block. The Pacers head back home and face the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday night, while the Hawks hit the road and do battle with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday evening.