PHILADELPHIA--Max Scherzer has been so dominant that teammates are surprised when he actually gives up a hit.
Scherzer took a perfect game into the sixth inning in his bid to become the second pitcher in major league history to throw two consecutive no-hitters, and the Washington Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Friday night.
On a day Phillies manager Ryne Sandberg resigned, Scherzer stole the show.
Scherzer (9 - 5) retired the first 16 batters before Freddy Galvis doubled on a 1 - 1 pitch to the right-field wall. The Nationals right-hander allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings.
Max Scherzer pitched a perfect game into the sixth inning, continuing his streak of dominant pitching.
Scherzer tossed a no-hitter Saturday against Pittsburgh, falling one strike shy of a perfect game before hitting Jose Tabata on a 3 - 2 pitch with two outs. He threw a one - hitter, striking out 16, in his previous start.
But he couldn't match Johnny Vander Meer, who threw two straight no-hitters for the Cincinnati Reds in June 1938. The deepest a pitcher took a no-hitter after throwing one was the Reds' Ewell Blackwell, who allowed a one - out hit in the ninth inning against Brooklyn in 1947.
Scherzer has taken a no-hitter into the sixth inning in three straight starts.
Phillies starter Aaron Harang (4 - 10) gave up five runs--four earned--and nine hits in six innings to drop his seventh straight decision.
Drew Storen pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 24 chances. The game ended when Domonic Brown ran through a stop sign at third base on Cody Asche's single and was tagged out in a rundown.
Wilson Ramos drove in Washington's first run on an infield single in the first. Den Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0.
Scherzer singled to extend his hitting streak to six games and scored on Danny Espinosa's sacrifice fly in the fifth. Another run scored in the inning when right fielder Brown dropped Ramos' liner for an error.
Brown hit an RBI double off Scherzer in the seventh, and pinch hitter Ben Revere hit his third career homer in 2,194 at-bats in the eighth.
Sandberg quit with a 119 - 159 career record over parts of three seasons leading Philadelphia. His only full season was in 2014, when the Phillies finished with a 73 - 89 record. Third-base coach Pete Mackanin replaced him on an interim basis.