PHILADELPHIA--With a seven - run lead, Roy Halladay didn't lobby to stay in the game.
He might push harder next time.
Halladay tossed seven masterful innings to become the first nine - game winner in the majors, Placido Polanco hit a grand slam and the Philadelphia Phillies held on to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Friday night.
Halladay (9 - 3) gave up six hits and struck out nine to earn his first win against the Cubs. The Phillies and San Francisco Giants are the only teams he hasn't beaten.
Halladay, who leads the league with four complete games, threw 106 pitches and was ready to go back out in the eighth until Polanco connected to make it 7 - 0.
In his first start since criticizing his team and second-guessing closer Carlos Marmol, Carlos Zambrano got rocked.
Zambrano (5 - 3) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings. He had a season-high seven walks.
Trailing 7 - 0 in the eighth, the Cubs rallied with five runs off relievers Jose Contreras and J. C. Romero.
But Michael Stutes came in and shut them down, and Antonio Bastardo got the final out for his second save. Ryan Madson was unavailable a night after blowing his first save.
Domonic Brown also hit a homer for the NL East-leading Phillies. His two - run shot gave Philadelphia a 3 - 0 lead in the second. Polanco, batting fifth for the first time this season, increased the lead in the seventh.
Halladay didn't need much, but the bullpen almost blew it. The reigning NL Cy Young Award winner improved to 29 - 3 when the Phillies give him a lead. He didn't allow a walk for the fourth time in 14 starts.
Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run single off Contreras. Geovany Soto had an RBI single and pinch-hitter Luis Montanez hit a two - run single off Romero to cut it to 7 - 5.
Stutes entered and struck out pinch-hitter Brad Snyder and retired Kosuke Fukudome on a fly to left to strand two runners.
Zambrano started a 3 - 2, 10-inning loss in St. Louis last Sunday. Marmol gave up a tying RBI double to Ryan Theriot in the ninth, setting up Albert Pujols' second consecutive game-ending homer.
Zambrano apologized a day later, saying his comments were made out of frustration. The only person he was frustrated with this time out was himself.
Zambrano angrily snatched the throw back to the mound with his bare hand, walked several feet behind the mound and stared into space while waiting for Brown to circle the bases in the second.
After Polanco went deep with the bases loaded on three walks, including an intentional one to Chase Utley, Zambrano casually caught the new ball with his glove and calmly waited on the mound for manager Mike Quade to come out and pull him.
Zambrano had allowed just three earned runs combined in his previous three starts.