ANAHEIM, Calif.--Torii Hunter has watched several teams celebrate on the field at his club's expense, and he didn't want to see it happen again this week. So he did something about it.
Hunter drove in two runs to back Jered Weaver's solid pitching, and the Los Angeles Angels beat Texas 7 - 4 on Monday night, keeping the Rangers' magic number at six for clinching their first American League West title since 1999.
By winning the series opener, the Angels made sure that won't happen. But they need to go no worse than 7 - 5 the rest of the way to avoid their second losing record in Mike Scioscia's 11 years as manager. The other was 2003, when they went 77 - 85 one season after winning the World Series.
As a result of Oakland's 3 - 0 win over the Chicago White Sox, the Rangers lead the Athletics by eight games with 13 to play--including a four - game road series against the A's that begins Thursday night.
Texas entered this three - game set knowing it could eliminate the Angels from postseason contention by beating them twice. But it won't be easy, with Ervin Santana and Dan Haren scheduled to pitch for the three - time defending AL West champions.
Weaver (13 - 11) allowed three runs and nine hits over 6 2/3 innings. Despite his won-lost record, which has been undermined by a severe lack of run support, the right-hander is having his best season statistically. He has a 2.99 ERA and 220 strikeouts, second-most in the majors behind Felix Hernandez (222).
Los Angeles got RBI doubles from Jeff Mathis, Howie Kendrick and Bobby Abreu in the fourth.
David Murphy tied a career high with five hits in five at-bats, and Chris Davis delivered the first pinch-hit homer of the season for the Rangers.
Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save after Davis homered in the eighth against Francisco Rodriguez.
Derek Holland (3 - 4) was charged with four runs, six hits and three walks over 3 2/3 innings. The 23-year-old left-hander's pitching line would have been much worse if center fielder Julio Borbon hadn't robbed Juan Rivera of a grand slam in the third inning with the Angels ahead 1 - 0 on Brandon Wood's RBI single.