LOS ANGELES--The air in the Los Angeles Dodgers' clubhouse was somewhat heavier than usual from the time the players reported to the ballpark to the time they left. The anticipation of seeing a longtime teammate get traded at any moment will do that.
Still, Andre Ethier had one of his best games of the season, going 4 - for - 4 with a homer and four RBIs, Hanley Ramirez and Juan Rivera also went deep against Nathan Eovaldi in his return to Dodger Stadium, and Los Angeles went on to beat the Miami Marlins 11 - 4 on Friday night.
Veteran first baseman James Loney was pulled from manager Don Mattingly's original lineup before the game after word spread of a proposed blockbuster eight - player deal that would send him to Boston and bring first baseman Adrian Gonzalez, pitcher Josh Beckett and left fielder Carl Crawford to Chavez Ravine.
Chad Billingsley, trying to win his seventh straight start, departed in the fourth inning with a 6 - 3 lead because of tenderness in his elbow. The right-hander was charged with three runs, five hits and three walks over 3 1/3 innings in his shortest outing this season after giving up a two - run homer in the first to Jose Reyes.
Billingsley is 6 - 0 with a 1.80 ERA in seven starts since coming off the DL on July 23. As a result of the All-Star break, he missed only one start because of inflammation in his elbow. An MRI taken Friday revealed the same problem.
Brantly lined a double off the bullpen gate in right field on Billingsley's 58th and final pitch, giving the Marlins two men in scoring position with one out. Jamey Wright (5 - 3) inherited a 2 - 0 count on pinch hitter Gorkys Hernandez, who ended up with a walk that was charged to Billingsley. But Bryan Petersen struck out, and Justin Ruggiano looked at a called third strike.
Eovaldi (4 - 9) gave up six runs and seven hits over three innings in his sixth start for the Marlins, who acquired him July 24 in the trade that sent Ramirez and reliever Randy Choate to Los Angeles. The 22-year-old right-hander, who gave up only five home runs in 80 1/3 innings for the Dodgers this season, hadn't allowed one in his first 24 innings with Miami entering Friday.
The Dodgers, coming off a three - game sweep by San Francisco that turned a half-game lead in the National League West into a 2 1/2-game deficit, entered this series three games off the pace. And for the fourth straight game, they fell behind in the first inning.
Petersen led off with a single, and the switch-hitting Reyes hit his 10th home run into the lower seats in the right-field corner--two pitches after Matt Kemp caught Ruggiano's drive while banging into the center-field fence. It was only the second homer against Billingsley in his past 10 starts.
Ethier, who was 3 - for - 26 with two RBIs in his previous seven games, put Los Angeles ahead 3 - 2 in the bottom half with his 13th homer after a walk to Mark Ellis and a single by Kemp. The Marlins tied it in the second on groundout by Petersen that scored Donovan Solano, but Rivera regained the lead for the Dodgers in the bottom half with an opposite-field leadoff homer.
Ramirez increased the margin to 6 - 3 in the third with his 20th homer and sixth with Los Angeles. Kemp and Ethier added RBI singles against Carlos Zambrano during a five - run seventh that made it 11 - 4. The other three runs that inning came when Luis Cruz reached on an infield hit and circled the bases behind Kemp and Ethier on throwing errors by third baseman Greg Dobbs and right fielder Giancarlo Stanton.