PHOENIX--Without getting a hit, the Arizona Diamondbacks' Brandon Drury has delivered his team two 11th-inning wins in three nights.
Two nights after a game-winning sacrifice fly, the youngster scored the winner on a wild pitch with two outs in the 11th Friday night in the Diamondbacks' 4 - 3 win over the Cincinnati Reds.
After the Diamondbacks gave up a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth and then rallied to tie it in the 10th, Drury doubled with one out in the 11th off Blake Wood (5 - 3) and took third on a groundout. A walk brought up Jean Segura, and Wood's first pitch bounced in front of home plate and went all the way to the backstop.
Drury slid head-first across home plate for the win.
Wood explained his errant toss.
Edwin Escobar (1 - 2) earned his first career major-league win with a scoreless inning. But the Diamondbacks blew a chance to win before extra innings and trailed in the 10th.
A. J. Pollock, playing his first game in the majors this season after breaking his elbow in spring training, drove in the tying run for Arizona in the bottom of the 10th.
The Diamondbacks were down 3 - 2 when pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin drew a leadoff walk, took second on a wild pitch and went to third on a balk by Raisel Iglesias. Pollock hit a grounder and Gosselin beat the throw home.
Ramon Cabrera's sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th drove in Scott Schebler, putting the Reds ahead 3 - 2.
The Reds had runners on second and third base with one out after reliever Enrique Burgos balked. Cabrera hit a shallow fly ball to right field and Yasmany Tomas caught it and threw to third base for a double play, but Schebler crossed the plate in time.
Cincinnati tied it at 2 in the ninth. Daniel Hudson got the first two outs, but singles by pinch-hitter Ivan DeJesus Jr., Billy Hamilton and Jose Peraza brought home a run.
Reds starter Brandon Finnegan struck out a career- high 12. He allowed only two runs on three hits and two walks over six innings.
Rickie Weeks Jr. homered and tripled for Arizona.
Braden Shipley overcame some control issues and pitched four - hit ball for seven innings, giving up a run with four walks and a strikeout.