ST. LOUIS--Chris Herrmann got the Arizona Diamondbacks' offense started against Carlos Martinez. Then he helped them finish the job.
Herrmann had a two - run single in the first inning and homered off infielder Ruben Tejada in the ninth, providing a bit of cushion for a bullpen that faltered in an 11 - 7 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night.
The woes for St. Louis' starting pitchers, who have combined for a 4.16 ERA, continued as Carlos Martinez lasted five innings in falling to 0 - 4 in May.
St. Louis fell for the seventh time in 12 games against a lefty starter, fanning seven times and recording four hits versus Arizona's Patrick Corbin.
Patrick Corbin struck out seven and Michael Bourn and Chris Owings added two RBI apiece for the Diamondbacks, who are 13 - 7 on the road and 7 - 17 at home.
"I wouldn't say we're so good on the road, I'd say we've been poor at home," manager Chip Hale. "I think it is really the way we should be playing, and we'll have to do that at home also."
They pulled away with seven runs over the last two innings and have won nine of 10 road series openers dating to last September.
Martinez (4 - 4) allowed four runs in five innings and has lost his last four starts after winning the first four. His last victory was April 26 at Arizona when he allowed three hits in eight scoreless innings.
Reliever Jonathan Broxton was charged with five runs in one - third of an inning in the eighth and Tejada made his major league pitching debut, surrendering consecutive homers to Herrmann and Brandon Drury.
Herrmann's homer to right was estimated at 414 feet.
"I think I got jammed a little bit," Herrmann joked. "No, no, it felt good. I know if was off a position player, but I guess they all count."
Corbin (2 - 3) allowed two runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings with four walks, and helped himself in the fifth when he singled for his sixth hit of the season--one behind Francisco Liriano for the most in the majors by a pitcher--and scored. The left-hander had been 0 - 2 in his previous five starts.
Jean Segura had an RBI with two hits and has 10 in five games against St. Louis this season. He has hit in 10 straight on the road.
Aledmys Diaz had two hits and two RBI for the Cardinals, who scored five runs in the ninth to make it semi-close. Rookie Jake Barrett got the final out for his first career save.
During his slump, Martinez has surrendered 13 earned runs in 20 innings. Center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker saved two runs with a diving catch near the warning track to end the first, denying Drury extra bases.