HOUSTON--Adam Jones impressed Baltimore manager Buck Showalter more with his baserunning than his go-ahead home run in the eighth inning.
Two innings before Jones put the Orioles ahead to stay in a 3 - 2 win over the Houston Astros on Thursday, he singled and stopped short to evade the tag and a double play on Chris Davis' grounder.
Jones scored the tying run on a single by Steve Pearce, a ball that rolled out of the diving reach of both third baseman Luis Valbuena and shortstop Marwin Gonzalez.
Jones said first base coach Kirby Wayne was unhappy with him for not sliding on the play, but it worked out in the end.
With the score 2 - 2 in the eighth inning and two outs, Jones, who finished with three hits, drove a pitch from Chad Qualls (1 - 3) into the Crawford Boxes in left field. Jones has five hits in his last two games following a 0 - for - 12 slump.
Wei-Yin Chen yielded two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings with a season-high nine strikeouts. Darren O'Day (2 - 0) struck out two in one inning and lowered his ERA to 0.89, and Zach Britton got four outs for his 14th save in 15 chances, stopping Baltimore's five - game losing streak.
Hank Conger had a home run and a double for the Astros, who at an AL-best 34 - 21 are off to the best start in franchise history.
Showalter was ejected in the second inning by umpire Brian Gorman after going to home plate, gesturing and yelling at him. His ejection came after Ryan Flaherty struck out after two called strikes.
Bench coach John Russell took over after the ejection.
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel matched his shortest start this season at six innings after consecutive complete games. He allowed two runs and six hits with seven strikeouts.
Houston had runners at first and third with no outs in the sixth inning, but Chen retired the next three batters, striking out two.
Houston put runners at the corners with no outs in the seventh. O'Day replaced Chen with one out and walked pinch-hitter Colby Rasmus before to load the bases before striking out George Springer and retiring Jose Altuve on a flyout.
Davis' RBI single put Baltimore ahead in the first, Hank Conger's homer run tied the score in the third and Valbuena's sacrifice fly put the Astros ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth.