ST. LOUIS--To hear Kendrys Morales tell it, luck is finally on his side.
But the Kansas City Royals' designated hitter/outfielder has been more than just lucky the past week.
Morales homered and recorded his sixth straight multi-hit game on Thursday to lead the Royals to a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals.
Kansas City won for the fourth time in five games and took the two - city, four - game series three games to one.
The Cardinals' seventh loss in a row at Busch Stadium raises a number of questions about where their usual home-field advantage has gone this season.
Indeed.
Brandon Moss and Jhonny Peralta homered for the Cardinals who have lost their last seven home games--their longest losing streak since Aug. 2 - 15, 1983.
Wade Davis recorded his 19th save in 21 opportunities.
Morales, a designated hitter playing right field for the second straight night, doubled in the sixth inning off Mike Leake (5 - 6) to push the lead to 3 - 1. Morales, who went 3 for 4, has 16 hits in 24 at-bats over the six - game run. He went 12 for 16 in the series and started in the outfield for the first time since 2008.
Since going 1 for 15 in a four - game set with Cleveland on June 2 - 5, Morales has been on fire. He was hitting.191 on June 5, but has gone 32 of 69 since to push his average to.262.
His six - game multi-hit streak ties him for the longest this season along with J. D. Martinez (Detroit), Jackie Bradley Jr. (Boston) and Xander Bogaerts (Boston).
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny said his club has never had any success against Morales.
Morales is 25 of 53 (.472) lifetime against the Cardinals with five homers and 13 RBI. His 456-foot drive in the eighth inning off Tyler Lyons ties him for the longest home run by a visiting player at Busch Stadium III, which opened in 2006.
Kansas City reliever Dillon Gee (3 - 2) picked up the win allowing one run in two innings.
Moss ripped his 17th homer of the season off Royals starter Chris Young, who gave up one run and one hit over four innings, but walked six.
The drive, which went 477 feet according to the Cardinals, is the longest in the history of Busch Stadium. It is the second-longest this season behind Giancarlo Stanton's 490-foot blast for Miami on May 6, in a 6 - 4 win over Philadelphia.
Leake gave up three runs, two earned, in seven innings. He struck out four and walked one.
Kansas City pushed across an unearned run in the first before Jarrod Dyson doubled in Alcides Escobar in the second.
Gee's victory gives the Royals' bullpen a 16 - 5 (.762) mark, the highest percentage in the majors. His lone mistake came to Peralta in the sixth inning.
Matheny was ejected in the sixth inning by home plate umpire Mike Everitt. It was Matheny's first ejection of the season and 12th in four - plus season as a manager.