ATLANTA--Some were ready to give up on Mike Minor when the left-hander gave up six or more runs in four straight starts in April and May.
Suddenly Minor is rewarding the Braves for their patience.
Minor struck out nine and combined with Craig Kimbrel on a four - hitter, Jason Heyward had two hits and drove in a run, and Atlanta edged Joe Blanton and the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 Saturday night.
Minor (6 - 7) allowed one run on four hits and no walks in eight innings. His nine strikeouts matched his season high. He retired the last 13 batters he faced.
The Phillies' only run came on Chase Utley's homer in the fourth.
Minor showed newfound composure as he refused to be deterred by the homer.
The left-hander called his progress during the season "a complete 180, just in confidence and my demeanor on the mound and not letting things get to me."
Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 30th save. Utley was caught looking at Kimbrel's 99 mph fastball for a strike to end the game.
The Braves, who lost 12 of 18 games to the Phillies in 2011, are 6 - 2 against Philadelphia with five straight wins in 2012. Atlanta swept a three - game series at Philadelphia on July 6 - 8 and will try to complete another three - game sweep on Sunday.
Minor made his longest start since lasting eight innings in a win at Arizona on April 19. He has not allowed more than two runs in any of his four starts in July and has won three of his past four decisions.
While Minor is gaining momentum, two straight losses to the Braves could affect plans for the last-place Phillies as they approach Tuesday's trade deadline.
Blanton (8 - 9) gave up two runs on four hits with one walk and seven strikeouts in seven innings and then talked about the possibility he could be traded.
"All you can do is go out and play."
Blanton said the sudden fall from the top of the division has been difficult to take.
Before the game, manager Charlie Manuel said the Phillies lack the edge they showed in winning the 2008 World Series and 2009 NL championship.
Blanton and Minor began the night ranked first and second, respectively, among NL pitchers in home runs allowed. Minor matched Blanton's 22 homers allowed on Utley's blast into the center field seats.
With one out in the first, Martin Prado singled, advanced to third on Heyward's single and scored on Chipper Jones' fly ball to center. Instead of throwing to the plate, center fielder Shane Victorino threw toward first base, but first baseman Ryan Howard was not covering the bag and the throw sailed past first for Victorino's first error in 273 games--since Aug. 14, 2010, at the Mets.
The error was not costly, as Heyward was stranded at second.
The Braves pushed the lead to 2 - 1 in the third when Michael Bourn led off with a single, moved to second on Prado's groundout and scored when Heyward's infield hit bounced off Utley into right field. Utley was positioned in shallow right field and no error was charged on the play.
Blanton recorded 11 straight outs before the streak ended on the Phillies' second error. McCann led off the second with a soft grounder Blanton fielded in front of the mound, but Howard dropped Blanton's throw at first base. Blanton pitched around the error by retiring the next three batters.