MIAMI--The Cincinnati Reds got their first look at the Miami Marlins' new ballpark Friday night.
They're still trying to find home plate.
The Reds' push toward the playoffs was slowed by rookie Jacob Turner, who earned his first National League victory to help last-place Miami beat the NL Central leaders 4 - 0.
Cincinnati mustered just three hits and was shut out for only the third time, fewest in the NL.
Turner (1 - 2) allowed two hits in a career-high seven innings to outpitch Bronson Arroyo (12 - 8), who gave up four runs in six innings.
The Reds became the final NL team to make their debut at spacious Marlins Park, and they missed their homer-friendly home in Cincinnati. Brandon Phillips and Joey Votto connected solidly on drives that didn't even make it to the warning track.
Turner's 10th career start was his best yet. He walked two, struck out three, lowered his ERA to 3.75 and helped the Marlins break a three - game losing streak.
Turner's only other career victory came July 22 for Detroit. The 21-year-old right-hander was acquired the next day by Miami in a trade that sent right-hander Anibal Sanchez and second baseman Omar Infante to the Tigers.
He has given up only three walks in 24 innings with Miami. Opponents are batting.184 against him.
Said Turner: "I was just being aggressive early, trying to get ahead as much as I could."
Arroyo, who had been 5 - 0 in his past six starts, gave up nine hits, including Greg Dobbs' fifth homer. The Marlins' Justin Ruggiano reached base three times and doubled home a run.
Miami is nearing the end of a disappointing season, and after the victory, manager Ozzie Guillen tweeted a profanity in reference to a reporter, saying he made "stupid comments about the miami team.... we still play hard.... i think u no watch."
The Marlins hustled plenty in the fifth inning, when they scored twice as a result of a wild sequence.
With Ruggiano at second base and Jose Reyes at first and two out, Carlos Lee singled to right field. After Ruggiano beat the throw home, Lee was hung up between first and second. Reyes then broke for home and beat shortstop Wilson Valdez's throw to the plate for a 4 - 0 lead.
Lee was then tagged out at second when he slid headfirst into Valdez's right leg, and he left the game with a strained neck. His status is day to day.
Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the third. Rob Brantly led off with a single, advanced on a single by Bryan Petersen and scored on a double by Ruggiano.
Dobbs homered to lead off the fourth.