KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Indians manager Terry Francona sat in the visiting clubhouse at Kauffman Stadium, moments after a 3 - 2 victory over the Kansas City Royals, and knew only that Boston awaited his club in the postseason.
He didn't know where the series would begin. That was still to be determined by games elsewhere, as was whether Cleveland would need to make up a rained out game in Detroit on Monday.
Suds up that loofah, Tito. You're heading home.
The Tigers' loss to the Braves coupled with Boston's loss to the Blue Jays gave Cleveland (94 - 67) homefield advantage in the divisional round. The newly minted AL Central champions open against Boston (93 - 69) on Thursday at Progressive field with Trevor Bauer slated to take the hill.
Not even in their regular-season finale.
Josh Tomlin (13 - 9) dueled with the Royals' Ian Kennedy (11 - 11) into the eighth before finally pulling ahead. Carlos Santana drew a walk off Kennedy to start the inning, Jason Kipnis followed with a double and Frnacisco Lindor hit a fly ball deep enough to right field for the lead.
Tomlin got the first batter in the eighth before Andrew Miller finished it up, and Cody Allen handled the ninth to earn his 32nd save and give the Indians a nice boost heading into the playoffs.
It was a frustrating finale to an injury plagued season for the Royals, who had been to the past two World Series and were coming off their first championship since 1985. A dismal July nearly buried them, an inspired August got them back into contention, and a stumbling finish left them at 81 - 81.
It was their first non-winning season in four years.
Meanwhile, there were so many playoff permutations riding on the final day of the regular season that Francona was still trying to sort everything out 3 hours before first pitch.
The only thing he knew was his club was playing Boston on Thursday--somewhere.
They fell into a 1 - 0 hole when Jarrod Dyson and Whit Merrifield opened the game with doubles off Tomlin, the expected Game 3 starter in the divisional series, but the lead didn't even last the two innings.
The Indians answered in the third when Tyler Naquin was plunked by a pitch from Ian Kennedy, and Yan Gomes went deep to left field on the first big league pitch he'd seen since July 17.
Kansas City tied it up when Cheslor Cuthbert homered leading off the fifth inning, but the Indians were able to coax across one more run to once more beat a team they've dominated this season.