CHICAGO--Justin Verlander's fastball was still popping as he finished up the eighth inning.
After closer Jose Valverde finished up the Detroit Tigers' rousing 5 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night, Verlander stressed how important the win was for the first-place Tigers.
Chicago, which won the series opener, had beaten Verlander in Detroit 11 days ago and was thinking sweep to really get back in the race in the AL Central.
But Wilson Betemit came through with a clutch RBI single in the eighth and the Tigers pulled out the victory behind their ace, who got his 14th win.
Verlander (14 - 5), allowed four runs and seven hits in eight innings, including two - run homers to Adam Dunn in the first and Paul Konerko in the sixth. Verlander, who threw 125 pitches, came back to strike out Konerko and Dunn with a runner on in the eighth.
Valverde pitched the ninth for his 27th save in as many chances.
Detroit leads the division by two games over the Cleveland Indians. The third-place White Sox are 4½ games out.
Will Ohman (0 - 2) issued a leadoff walk to Victor Martinez in the eighth and pinch-runner Andy Dirks stole second with Jesse Crain pitching. With two outs, Matt Thornton replaced Crain and Betemit--recently acquired from the Kansas City Royals--fouled off four pitches before hitting an RBI single to center.
Konerko's two - run homer, his 24th of the season and second in as many games, tied the game at 4 - 4 in the sixth and came right after the Tigers had scored three in the top of the inning.
Konerko said he wasn't surprised how hard Verlander was throwing in his final inning with one pitch clocked near 100 mph.
Brennan Boesch's bunt single got the Tigers started in the sixth. Magglio Ordonez followed with his second single of the game and Miguel Cabrera delivered with a bloop single to right to tie the game 2 - 2. Martinez then lined a single to right--Detroit's fourth straight hit--to put the Tigers ahead. Jhonny Peralta followed with a sacrifice fly to push the lead to 4 - 2. After a double by Betemit, Peavy intentionally walked Alex Avila to load the bases before striking out Austin Jackson.
Cabrera singled in a run in the fourth inning before Peavy pitched out of a bases-loaded jam.
Peavy allowed 10 hits and four runs in six innings and is still winless in five starts since he pitched four innings of relief against the Washington Nationals on June 25.
Dunn, who was 9 for 90 in his previous 25 games, fouled off three pitches before connecting on a 3 - 2 pitch from Verlander, sending the ball 436 feet into the bleachers in right-center field to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead. He struck out in his next three at-bats.