PHOENIX--Matt Kemp has had some big hits in his many trips to Chase Field in his many seasons in the NL West. He had another one Tuesday night.
Kemp's two - out, bases loaded double in the eighth inning erased a one - run Arizona lead and the Atlanta Braves beat the Diamondbacks 7 - 4 in the second game of a matchup of teams with the two worst records in the National League.
Kemp earned two RBI with the hit and a third run scored when right fielder Mitch Haniger bobbled the ball.
He said he's enjoying himself since he was acquired by Atlanta from San Diego on July 30, despite the Braves' record.
Kemp's three RBI gave him 83 for the season.
Adonis Garcia had three hits, including a double, and scored twice for the Braves, who have won two of three after losing seven straight. Dansby Swanson, the former No. 1 draft pick by Arizona now with the Braves, singled twice and earned his first major league RBI with a sacrifice fly in the ninth.
Jose Ramirez (2 - 0) allowed a hit and hit a batter but struck out the side in the seventh to get the victory. Jake Barrett (1 - 2) took the loss.
Jim Johnson pitched a scoreless ninth for his 11th save.
Jake Lamb doubled in two runs and Yasmany Tomas singled in two in Arizona's four - run third inning. Lamb also doubled in the eighth, breaking out of a 2 - for - 47 slump. Tomas left the game in the eighth with mid-back stiffness.
Atlanta starter Rob Whalen held Arizona hitless through 2 2/3 innings but never made it out of the third.
With two outs, he walked three batters, the last two on full counts, to load the bases for Tomas. After the two - run single, Whalen hit Welington Castillo to load them again and bring up Lamb, who laced a two - run ground-rule double into the Braves bullpen down the right field line and Arizona led 4 - 2.
That was it for Whalen in his fifth major league start.
The Braves, who scored five in the first inning in Monday night's 9 - 8 loss, scored two in the first Tuesday, and Arizona starter Archie Bradley was fortunate it wasn't more.
Nick Markakis singled in one run and Tyler Flowers doubled in another. Jace Peterson walked to load the bases but Swanson struck out looking to end the threat.
Garcia doubled to start the fourth, took third on a groundout and scored on Kemp's fly out to center to slice the Diamondbacks' lead to 4 - 3.
The Braves loaded the bases with one out in the third but failed to score. In all, Atlanta stranded eight runners in the first three innings.
Freddie Freeman of the Braves went 0 for 3 to snap an 11-game hitting streak.