SEATTLE--The praised was passed from Taylor Motter, to Jarrod Dyson and finally Jean Segura for the way the Seattle Mariners pulled off an unexpected and needed late rally.
Dyson's two - out, two - run double in the eighth inning pulled Seattle even, Segura followed with a two - run single to take the lead, and the Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night.
Seattle watched an early 4 - 0 advantage evaporate because of shaky relief pitching. But the Mariners came through in the eighth inning, scoring all four runs with two outs to snap a three - game losing streak.
"That's just the way we planned it all day," Seattle manager Scott Servais deadpanned. "There was a lot going on in that ball game."
Seattle's victory featured a big early lead, another night of struggles from the bullpen in the middle innings and finally a string of quality at-bats in the eighth inning that yielded four runs.
The rally started with singles by Kyle Seager and Danny Valencia off reliever Blake Parker (0 - 2). Motter, on as a pinch hitter, walked on a 3 - 2 pitch to load the bases with two outs.
Dyson fell behind 0 - 2 but dropped a double off the end of the bat into shallow right field to score two and pull the Mariners even. Segura then chopped a single through the left side of the infield to score Motter and Dyson and put Seattle in front.
Segura had a career-high four RBI, including a two - run homer in the fifth inning. Robinson Cano hit his fifth home run of the season.
Jean Machi (1 - 0) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Edwin Diaz worked a shaky ninth for his fifth save. Kole Calhoun hit a solo home run with two outs, and Diaz followed by hitting Mike Trout on the arm, but he struck out Albert Pujols to end the game.
Trout ignited the Angels' one big rally with a two - run homer as Los Angeles sent 10 batters to the plate in the sixth inning and had seven hits. Trout's homer off starter Hisashi Iwakuma was his eighth of the season, extended his hitting streak to a career-best 16 games and came on the day he was named the AL player of the month for April. Yunel Escobar capped the big inning with a two - run double.