ARLINGTON, Texas--Ervin Santana wouldn't let the Los Angeles Angels lose more ground to the AL West-leading Texas Rangers.
Santana scattered five hits and struck out eight over eight innings, Jeff Mathis homered, and the Angels ended a three - game skid with a 6 - 2 victory over the Rangers on Saturday night.
Santana (9 - 7) had an 8.05 ERA in his first nine career starts at Rangers Ballpark, but the only damage Texas could do against him were solo homers by Michael Young and Nelson Cruz.
Santana realized the importance of the stopping the Rangers' momentum, walking only two and winning for the first time since June 27.
The Angels pulled within six games of Texas in the division.
The Angels managed only two runs in the first two games of the four - game series against the Rangers, so manager Mike Scioscia liked what he saw from a lineup that knocked out 13 hits.
Erick Aybar had three hits and reached base four times for the Angels, who dropped the first two games of the four - game series as the Rangers built a season-high lead in the division.
Santana limited the Rangers to two hits over the first 5 2/3 innings before Young homered in his third straight game to pull Texas within 3 - 1.
Cruz's homer in the seventh narrowed the deficit to 6 - 2 and extended his career-best hitting streak to 13 games, but teammate Ian Kinsler went 0 for 2 to end his streak at 16 games.
Texas starter Scott Feldman (5 - 9) entered the night with a 5.48 ERA, highest among the team's active starters, but he shut down the Angels on two hits over the first 4 2/3 innings.
The Angels had 10 fly outs in the first four innings before Feldman faltered in the fifth.
Mathis opened the scoring with a solo homer that skipped off the top of the wall in right field, and Aybar added an RBI triple later in the inning for a 2 - 0 edge.
Feldman was replaced by Alexi Ogando with one out in the sixth and runners at the corners, and Alberto Callaspo greeted Ogando with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0.
Feldman, a 17-game winner last season who hasn't won since June 18, allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings with one walk and no strikeouts.
In the seventh, Maicer Izturis's run-scoring single, Bobby Abreu's RBI double and Callaspo's sacrifice fly off ex-Angel Darren Oliver stretched the lead to 6 - 1.