TORONTO--Another pretty grand game for Steve Pearce.
Pearce hit his second game-ending grand slam in just four days and the Toronto Blue Jays pulled off the biggest ninth-inning comeback in team history, rallying for seven runs to beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 10 Sunday.
Pearce connected with one out off former Baltimore teammate Bud Norris (1 - 4).
Pearce said he typically doesn't like batting against former teammates, but felt he had the upper hand after Norris fell behind 2 - 0.
On Thursday, Pearce's slam with two outs in the 10th inning lifted Toronto over Oakland 8 - 4.
Pearce became just third player to hit two game-ending grand slams in the same season, joining Cy Williams (Phillies, 1926) and Jim Presley (Seattle, 1986). Presley later served as Pearce's hitting coach with the Orioles.
On two prior occasions, the Blue Jays had won games by scoring five runs in the ninth.
Toronto trailed 10 - 4 heading into the ninth against Brooks Pounders, but drew closer on Kevin Pillar's two - run homer. After Rob Refsnyder doubled, Norris took over and gave up a single to Ezequiel Carrera and an RBI single by Russell Martin. Justin Smoak grounded out and Kendrys Morales walked before Pearce connected for his 10th homer.
Matt Dermody (1 - 0) worked three innings for his first career win.
Albert Pujols hit two home runs for the Angels, who were bidding for their first sweep since May. Los Angeles lost for the first time this season when leading by three or more runs.
Pujols entered hitless in his previous 24 at-bats, two shy of matching his career-worst skid, but snapped out of the slump with a two - run drive off Cesar Valdez in the first inning. It was his first hit since July 22 against Boston.
Pujols finished 3 - for - 5 with four RBIs. He hit a run-scoring single in the third and struck out in the fourth before connecting for a solo homer off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth.
Pujols has 607 career home runs, leaving him two behind Sammy Sosa for eighth place on the career list.
It was Pujols' first multihomer game of the season and the 56th of his career, breaking a tie with Jimmie Foxx and Ken Griffey Jr. and giving him sole possession of eighth place in that category.