The Houston Rockets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves, 120 - 102, at Toyota Center on Friday evening. The Rockets (45 - 13) were likely itching to get back on the floor following the All-Star break, as they'd ridden a blistering - hot 10 - game winning streak into the extended layoff. Moreover, with 23 wins in 29 home dates, they were poised to resume play on a positive note, even against a quality opponent like the Timberwolves (36 - 26). However, the visitors turned the tables early, establishing a 32 - 26 first - quarter lead. It was all downhill from there, though, as the hosts outscored them 94 - 70 the rest of the way. Despite the double - digit loss, the most worrisome aspect of the night for Minnesota had nothing to do with the scoreboard, as star guard Jimmy Butler appeared to suffer a serious knee injury in a non - contact situation late in the third quarter and had to be helped off the court. The exact severity is still to be determined, but the entire development naturally cast a pall on the proceedings for the Timberwolves. Andrew Wiggins led the way for Minnesota with 21 points, a total he supplemented with four rebounds and two assists. Karl-Anthony Towns generated an 18 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one block. Jeff Teague matched Towns' scoring total and added four boards, four assists and two steals. Jamal Crawford produced a bench - leading 14 points and complemented them with three rebounds. Butler supplied 10 points, five rebounds, three assists and one steal in 25 minutes before exiting. Taj Gibson registered a modest nine points, three rebounds, one assist and one block. James Harden paced the Rockets with 31 points, nine assists, two rebounds and two steals. Clint Capela followed with 25 points, 11 rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Chris Paul contributed a near triple - double with 14 points, 10 rebounds, eight assists and one steal. P.J. Tucker delivered 11 points, five boards and one assist. Trevor Ariza returned from his hamstring injury to tally 11 points, five rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. Joe Johnson produced a bench - leading 10 points and also turned in three rebounds and one assist. The Timberwolves head back home to face off with the Chicago Bulls on Saturday evening, while the Rockets head a bit further west and tangle with the Denver Nuggets on Sunday night.