OAKLAND, Calif.--Playing third base for the first time in his major league career, Daric Barton let his instincts take over. With a hard relay throw coming and Seattle's Luis Valbuena quickly approaching, the Oakland infielder didn't have time to think about his options.
As Valbuena tried stretching a double into a triple, Barton grabbed the throw from second baseman Cliff Pennington then dropped his right knee to the ground to tag out Valbuena in the ninth inning, helping preserve the Athletics' 8 - 7 win over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday.
Valbuena appeared to beat the throw but third base umpire Bill Miller paused before calling Valbuena out.
The Mariners didn't see it that way.
Third base coach Sam Perlozzo screamed at Miller and interim manager Jim Riggleman came running out of the dugout to argue the call. Riggleman was ejected by Miller, the second time he's been thrown out of a game this year.
Valbuena thought the play was clear.
Barton normally plays first base for the A's but was pressed into duty at third when Jack Hannahan strained an oblique muscle after falling on the Oakland bullpen mound while catching a foul pop-up earlier in the seventh.
Barton's two - out single in the eighth inning drove in Carlos Gonzalez with the go-ahead run, then he made the game-saving play in the ninth.
Huston Street (6 - 5) pitched two innings for the win, getting a double play to escape a two - on, one - out jam in the eighth. Brad Ziegler worked the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances, retiring Yuniesky Betancourt on a game-ending double play to send the Mariners to their 10th straight loss.
Gonzalez led off the eighth with a single and advanced on Rob Bowen's sacrifice. He went to third on Travis Buck's hit off Justin Thomas (0 - 1) and scored when Barton lined a single into right.
Kenji Johjima homered and drove in four runs for the Mariners. After being shut out in its previous two games, Seattle pounded out 11 hits, getting most of the production from the bottom of the lineup.
It still wasn't enough.
Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer but Seattle's pitching staff blew leads of 5 - 2 and 7 - 4. The Mariners haven't won since beating Texas 8 - 7 on Sept. 10.
Jeff Baisley went 2 - for - 2 with four RBIs and Bowen also drove in two runs for Oakland, which has won six of seven and 10 of 14.
Carlos Silva left after giving up a two - run single to Baisley in the fourth. The right-hander gave up four runs and four hits in 3 1/3 innings, throwing 59 pitches in his shortest outing since coming off the disabled list Sept. 1.
Silva also committed his first error since 2004 when he bobbled Bobby Crosby's sacrifice attempt in the fourth. Silva had gone 162 chances without making an error, the longest current streak among pitchers.
LaHair's second-inning drive off Kirk Saarloos ended Seattle's scoreless streak at 27 innings, whi tied the second-longest stretch in franchise history. Prior to LaHair's homer, the Mariners hadn't scored since the first inning of Wednesday's 5 - 2 loss to Kansas City.
The A's tied it with three runs in the sixth. Gonzalez had a pinch-hit RBI single and Bowen added a two - run double off Roy Corcoran.