SEATTLE--After two tough starts on the road, Joe Saunders was back home, where he is nearly invincible.
Saunders allowed his first earned run in three home starts this season but pitched his eighth career complete game to lead the Seattle Mariners over the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Monday night before the smallest crowd in Safeco Field history.
Saunders (2 - 3) gave up four hits, walked one and struck out two in his first complete game since April 27, 2012, while improving to 8 - 0 at the Mariners' home. This season, he is 2 - 0 with a 0.84 ERA in Seattle and 0 - 3 with a 12.51 ERA in three road starts, although neither he nor his manager can explain the numbers.
In his previous two starts, Saunders didn't get past the fifth inning, allowing seven runs at Texas and then eight runs at Houston. The left-hander said he had been bothered by soreness in his quadriceps against the Astros but was pain-free against the Orioles as he finished them off in 105 pitches.
The Mariners' offense also made things easy for their starting pitcher, beginning with leadoff hitter Michael Saunders, who homered in his first at-bat since he was activated from the disabled list.
Michael Saunders sprained his right shoulder April 10 when he crashed into the fence while making a catch. He sent Zach Britton's second pitch into the right-center seats for his first career leadoff home run.
Kyle Seager had a two - run triple and Jason Bay added three hits as the Mariners won their third straight game for their longest winning streak of the season. Their latest victory came in front of 9,818 fans at the 14-year-old ballpark.
Joe Saunders' only costly mistake came when Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning to give Baltimore a 2 - 1 lead. It was the last hit for the Orioles.
Seattle broke the game open against Britton (0 - 1), who gave up six runs and 10 hits over six innings in his first start of the season after being called up from Triple-A Norfolk.
Britton got into trouble after a strange sequence in the sixth. After Justin Smoak singled to start the inning, umpire Alan Porter made a hard throw to give Britton the new ball, hitting the left-hander on his throwing shoulder, and the pitcher was briefly shaken up.
When he returned to the mound, it didn't get any better.
Bay followed with his third hit of the game, and, after Robert Andino's sacrifice, Brendan Ryan hit an RBI single. It looked as if Britton might get out of the inning when Michael Saunders hit a weak, broken-bat grounder to second base, but the ball was too slow for the Orioles to turn a double play, and Seager followed with his triple.