The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 122 - 100, at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday night in Game 5 of their Eastern Conference first - round playoff series. The 76ers have won the series, 4 - 1. The 76ers (4 - 1) may have well broken the spirit of the Nets (1 - 4) in Saturday's Game 4, a contest they won by finishing on an 8 - 2 run after trailing for the majority of the afternoon. Philadelphia looked like they brought all of that momentum back with them from the Big Apple from the opening tip Tuesday, as they jumped out to a 32 - 15 lead. By piling on another 28 points in the second while holding Brooklyn to 16, the home squad built a 60 - 31 halftime lead that essentially summed up the game. The Nets would make the score look slightly more presentable by game's end with 69 second - half points, but the outcome was never in doubt. The Sixers were once again exceedingly sharp from the field, draining 51 percent of ther attempts, including 42. 4 percent from three - point range. Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the Nets with 21 points, adding two rebounds, one assist and two blocks. Caris LeVert followed with 18 points, adding four assists, three rebounds and one steal. Rodions Kurucs mustered 14 points, seven rebounds, one assist and one steal. Shabazz Napier generated an 11 - point, 10 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and one steal. Joe Harris poured in nine points and pulled down seven rebounds, while Jarrett Allen and D'Angelo Russell contributed matching eight - point tallies. Allen also posted nine rebounds. Joel Embiid led the 76ers with a 23 - point, 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and one steal. Ben Simmons supplied 13 points, six assists and five rebounds. Tobias Harris furnished 12 points, eight rebounds, four assists and three steals. James Ennis III and J.J. Redick pitched in 11 points each while Jonathon Simmons delivered 10. The 76ers will now face the Toronto Raptors, which also clinched their first - round series Tuesday night, in the conference semifinals.