CLEVELAND--The memories of winning a championship two years ago came flooding back for the Chicago Cubs when they arrived at Progressive Field on Tuesday.
The positive feelings continued once the game began.
Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs during a 10 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908. While the significance of the latest victory didn't come close to matching that, the Chicago players were reminded of it everywhere they turned.
Cubs shortstop Addison Russell, who doubled and scored in the second, was excited about the return.
Even the weather was similar. Game 7 was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0 - 3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Schwarber is batting.500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBI in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the postseason. The left-handed hitter, who grew up in southwest Ohio, made his major league debut in Cleveland in 2015. He had six hits in his first two starts.
Tyler Chatwood (1 - 3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six - plus innings. He was pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Maddon said he would speak with Bryant before making out Wednesday's lineup.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBI, and Contreras hit his first home run of the season.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
The teams complete the two - game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over.500 (11 - 9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.