ANAHEIM, Calif.--Marwin Gonzalez was at his best again, homering for the eighth time this month. Justin Verlander didn't have his best stuff, but he did just enough.
Gonzalez and Verlander proved to be a winning combination as they led the Houston Astros to an 8 - 3 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night.
Gonzalez hit a solo home run to left-center field off reliever Williams Jerez to lead off the four - run eighth inning. Gonzalez has 14 home runs this season, including eight in August. The Astros had been clinging to a one - run lead before he opened the eighth with that homer.
The Astros (79 - 50) are in first place in the AL West and have won four consecutive games and five of their last six. They're the best road team in baseball, improving to 17 - 5 in California. The Astros are 6 - 2 against the Angels this season. The Angels have lost five consecutive games.
Verlander allowed three runs in six innings, but he was staked to an early 3 - 0 lead and the offense picked him up.
Altuve was hit in the elbow by a fastball from Justin Anderson in the seventh, but remained in the game. Ohtani was then hit in the backside by Roberto Osuna in the eighth and both benches were warned. Deck McGuire hit Yuli Gurriel in the leg in the ninth inning and was ejected. Angels manager Mike Scioscia was also ejected.
McGuire said there was no intent behind his pitch, either.
Verlander (13 - 8) had thrown 26 consecutive scoreless innings against the Angels this season before Shohei Ohtani homered against him in the fourth inning on the first pitch of the at-bat. It was Ohtani's 14th home run of the season, eight shy of his career best in Japan in 2016.
Verlander allowed six hits and struck out six and walked two. He was grooving until the fourth when Ohtani hit a two - run homer to center field. Andrelton Simmons hit a run-scoring triple off Verlander in the sixth.
Ohtani was caught stealing for the first time this season. He was thrown out at third by catcher and friend Martin Maldonado, who was traded by the Angels in July. Maldonado was smiling plenty afterward.
Jaime Barria (8 - 8) had a rough outing, lasting just three innings after he gave up four runs on five hits. It was his shortest outing since he threw just two innings in a loss against San Francisco on April 22.