MINNEAPOLIS--Jose Quintana leads the major leagues with a whopping 53 no-decisions since his career began with the Chicago White Sox in 2012.
With an enhanced offense behind him, maybe the trend will end this season.
Austin Jackson hit a two - run, two - out single in the fourth inning after just missing a grand slam, lifting Quintana and the White Sox to a 4 - 1 victory Monday that spoiled Minnesota's home opener and stuck the winless Twins with their seventh straight loss.
Quintana (1 - 0) pitched six smooth innings with one run allowed for the White Sox, who have won five of their first seven games.
Todd Frazier, the most prominent of the offseason acquisitions, sparked a second-inning rally with a leadoff single and later added an RBI double. That proved to be plenty for Quintana, who has mastered the art of consistency even if his career record is a mere 34 - 34.
Twins starter Kyle Gibson (0 - 2) was charged with only one earned run over 5 2/3 innings, but he was in trouble often and threw a wild pitch that set up Frazier to score on a single by Brett Lawrie.
The Twins, off to the worst start for the franchise since the Washington Senators went 0 - 13 in 1904, were 0 for 6 with runners in scoring position and are a majors-worst 5 for 55 in those situations this season.
The wind gusted up to 35 mph on a 42-degree afternoon, but this was a chilly start for the Twins in more ways than one. When Kurt Suzuki's bunt attempt popped up and relief pitcher Matt Albers caught it for an easy double play in the seventh inning, boos bounced around the ballpark.
The White Sox, after the spring training controversy involving departed veteran Adam LaRoche and the clubhouse presence of his teenage son, Drake, have been playing burden-free baseball so far.
Jackson has a hit or a run in every game. His drive down the left field line missed a grand slam by a few inches, squeezing between the limestone wall and the foul pole in the fourth. He put the White Sox up 3 - 0 with his smash up the middle on the next pitch.