SEATTLE--Alex Rios has been putting in an effort to really concentrate on his approach at the plate and improve the quality of his at-bats.
That work paid off Sunday when Rios got three hits and drove in three runs to help the Chicago White Sox completed a series sweep of the Seattle Mariners with a 7 - 4 victory.
Rios hit a tying, two - run triple in the sixth and then scored on a sacrifice fly by Kosuke Fukudome to put the White Sox ahead for good.
Rios and Fukudome added RBI singles in the eighth against Tom Wilhelmsen.
Manager Robin Ventura has noticed over the attention to Rios' approach paying off the last few games.
The win polished off a rejuvenating series sweep of the Mariners after coming to Seattle as losers of four of their last five games. The White Sox have won 19 of their last 22 games against the Mariners including their second straight sweep in Seattle.
A day after Philip Humber pitched a perfect game for the White Sox, John Danks (2 - 2) went six innings for the win. Hector Santiago pitched a scoreless ninth for his fifth save of the season.
Seattle starter Kevin Millwood (0 - 1) took a 4 - 2 lead into the sixth. Adam Dunn drew a leadoff walk, Paul Konerko singled and after a groundout, Rios cleared the bases with a triple to the wall in right-center field.
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a double by Alexei Ramirez that left fielder Casper Wells misplayed for an error, and an RBI single by Dunn.
Seattle tied it in the bottom half. Chone Figgins led off with a walk and Ichiro Suzuki singled, setting up an RBI single by Jesus Montero and an RBI double by Alex Liddi.
Fukudome walked in the fourth and moved up on a wild pitch, but was thrown out at the plate by Suzuki on Brent Morel's single to right field.
Miguel Olivo and Wells hit consecutive singles to lead off the fourth. With Brendan Ryan attempting to bunt, the infield was pulled up when Danks tried a pickoff throw at first that Dunn never saw coming. Danks' error allowed Olivo to score and Dustin Ackley drove in a run with a grounder for a 4 - 2 lead.
Danks managed to settle in after the fourth inning as Seattle only managed to draw two walks off Danks in the fifth and sixth innings.