HOUSTON--After six consecutive losing seasons, the Houston Astros are off to their best start ever.
Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer to help Dallas Keuchel win his eighth consecutive decision, and the Astros kept rolling with a 6 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday.
The Astros, who were baseball's worst team in three of the last four years, improved to an American League-best 27 - 14, giving them the best start through 41 games in franchise history. Sitting atop the AL West, this is the latest the Astros have led their division since May 22, 2004.
Keuchel (6 - 0) allowed six hits and no earned runs in seven innings to lower his ERA to 1.67. He is 8 - 0 with a 1.79 ERA since an Aug. 21 loss at the New York Yankees, the longest current unbeaten streak by a big league starter. And his 6 - 0 mark this year is the best by an Astros pitcher since Roger Clemens opened the 2004 season at 9 - 0.
The game was tied in the sixth inning when Gattis sent his soaring homer into left field to make it 3 - 1. George Springer, who finished with two hits, singled with two outs to set up the go-ahead shot by Gattis.
The home run gives Gattis 24 RBIs this season, which ties Jose Altuve for most on the team.
Oakland starter Jesse Hahn (1 - 3) allowed three runs and five hits over six innings in his third consecutive loss.
The A's have lost six of their past seven and 12 of 14 games, falling 14 games under.500 for the first time since finishing the 2011 season 74 - 88.
Colby Rasmus drove in a run with a bases-loaded sacrifice fly in the eighth, and Chris Carter tacked on a pair with a single to shallow center in that inning.
Marwin Gonzalez doubled to start the third for Houston's first hit. He advanced to third on a wild pitch and put the Astros up 1 - 0 when he scored on a single by Jake Marisnick.
A walk by Billy Butler followed by consecutive singles by Brett Lawrie and Josh Phegley loaded the bases for Oakland with one out in the fourth inning. But Keuchel escaped the jam by retiring Mark Canha and Craig Gentry to end the inning.
Butler and Lawrie hit back-to-back singles with one out in the sixth and Butler scored on a two - out error by Carter on a ball hit by Canha to tie it at 1-all.
Eric Sogard singled to start the seventh, but Keuchel sat down the next three batters to end his day.