CHICAGO--The Seattle Mariners were having trouble scoring runs in Chicago until the sixth inning of series finale.
Miguel Olivo drove in three runs, including a go-ahead two - run double in the 10th inning, and the Mariners beat the White Sox 7 - 4 on Wednesday night.
Justin Smoak started the winning rally with a leadoff bloop double off White Sox closer Sergio Santos (2 - 2). Adam Kennedy drew a walk, then Olivo--who had a solo homer in the eighth against his former team--drove in both runners with a grounder just inside of third base and into the left-field corner.
Seattle ended a 10-game losing streak at U. S. Cellular Field and salvaged the finale of the three - game series. The Mariners have played 32 games decided by two runs or fewer this season, going 16 - 16 in those contests.
White Sox right fielder Carlos Quentin homered twice, hitting a solo shot in the first off Jason Vargas and a tying two - run shot in the eighth off reliever Jamey Wright.
Vargas said the home run pitch he threw to Quentin was well-placed.
Aaron Laffey (1 - 1) threw a scoreless inning to earn the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his AL-leading 17th save of the season.
Vargas pitched 7 1/3 strong innings, but gave way to reliever Wright after allowing a single to Alexei Ramirez with one out in the eighth. Wright fell behind Quentin, who hit a 3 - 1 pitch into the left-field bleachers, tying the score at 4-all.
Vargas, who three a shutout against Toronto in his last start, allowed three runs, seven hits and one walk while striking out four.
The Mariners scored just one run in each of the first two games of the series, and White Sox starter Gavin Floyd cruised through the first five innings on Wednesday and extended his scoreless streak against the Mariners to 27 innings.
Seattle finally broke through in the sixth, scoring three runs to snap Floyd's streak and take a 3 - 1 lead. Franklin Gutierrez's two - run double highlighted the inning and Kennedy drove in the other run on a grounder.
That was the last inning for Floyd, who threw six innings and allowed five hits, three runs and three walks and struck out three.
Chicago pulled within a run on Gordon Beckham's two - out RBI single in the bottom of seventh.
The Mariners tacked on a run in the eighth when Olivo's homer made it 4 - 2. Olivo also scored Seattle's last run, when he came home on Gutierrez's squeeze bunt in the 10th.
Quentin erased that lead in the bottom of the inning.
The White Sox slugger came in leading the majors in extra-base hits (35) and doubles (20). His eighth-inning homer was his 17th of the season, and gave him 13 career multi-homer games, including three this season.
Chicago got to Vargas in the first inning. Quentin hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the back of the White Sox bullpen in left field, extending his hitting streak to 10 games.
Vargas retired the next nine Chicago batters, before Paul Konerko doubled in the fourth.