DETROIT--Marcus Thames was worth the wait. So were both replays.
He hit a pair of two - run homers and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 Friday night in a rain-shortened game that ended with one out in the bottom of the seventh.
The game was also halted by rain for 2 hours, 3 minutes in the fourth after Detroit took the lead, and featured two replay reversals. One gave the Tigers a homer, the other took it away and made it a double--but the Tigers got run in anyway.
Miguel Cabrera and Curtis Granderson also homered for the Tigers. Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer for Milwaukee.
Miner (4 - 1) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Armando Galarraga, who gave up four runs, three earned, on eight hits in four innings.
Braden Looper (5 - 4) allowed seven runs on eight hits in 3 2/3 innings.
The Tigers took a 7 - 4 lead in the fourth, despite having a replay home run call go against them.
With two out and a man on first, Dusty Ryan lined a pitch down the left-field line that bounced back onto the field. It was originally called a home run, but after Milwaukee manager Ken Macha argued, the umpires looked at the replay and ruled it a run-scoring double that only tied the game at 4.
Adam Everett singled to center to score Ryan and Granderson sent Looper's 1 - 0 pitch into the stands in right center field for his 17th homer.
The rain delay came with the game only four outs shy of an official game. The Tigers waited it out nervously.
Miner replaced Galarraga when play began again with a definite mission.
Everett made it 8 - 4 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Thames hit his second two - run homer--his third in two games--in the seventh.
The game was delayed again by rain and then called official after a 39-minute wait.
Milwaukee jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Fielder's three - run homer.
Detroit made it 3 - 2 in the bottom half of the inning on Thames' two - out, two - run homer.
Thanks to the night's first replay, Cabrera tied the game at 3 in the third. Cabrera's drive just over the left-field fence was originally ruled to have bounced off the top of the fence. But Cabrera, Tigers' manager Jim Leyland and third-base coach Gene Lamont all argued that the ball went over the fence and bounced back off the roof of the bullpen dugout in left field.
The umpires then looked at it on instant replay and it was ruled a home run, Cabrera's 13th.
The Brewers regained a one - run lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell's sacrifice fly.