The Dallas Mavericks prevailed over the Milwaukee Bucks, 109 - 105, Sunday afternoon at BMO Harris Bradley Center. The Mavericks (32 - 44) were officially eliminated from the playoffs by virtue of Portland's victory over Phoenix on Saturday night, but they displayed plenty of heart while upsetting the postseason - bound Bucks (40 - 37), who were looking to improve their playoff positioning. Only four Dallas players managed double - digit scoring, but the Mavs shot 52 percent from the field overall and outscored the Bucks by a 34 - 27 margin in the fourth quarter. They also maximized their free - throw opportunities, draining 19 of their 20 attempts from the charity stripe on the afternoon. Harrison Barnes led the way for the visitors with 31 points, two rebounds and one steal. Dirk Nowitzki and J.J. Barea followed with matching 17 - point efforts from the starting five and second unit, respectively. Nowitzki added five rebounds, one assist and one block while Barea supplemented his scoring with six assists and two rebounds. Yogi Ferrell produced 13 points, five assists, four rebounds and one steal. Wesley Matthews compiled eight points, six assists and one rebound as a complementary offensive presence. All five members of the Bucks first unit hit double digits in the scoring column, beginning with Giannis Antetokunumpo, who totaled a near triple - double consisting of 31 points, 15 rebounds, nine assists, four steals and two blocks. Matthew Dellavedova provided 14 points, six assists and one steal in another start for Malcolm Brogdon (back). Khris Middleton tallied 13 points, five rebounds, four assists and one steal. Tony Snell poured in 12 points and added a rebound, an assist and a steal. Thon Maker supplied 11 points and one rebound. Jason Terry and Greg Monroe led the bench with modest six - point efforts. The Mavericks next face the Sacramento Kings on the road Tuesday evening while the Bucks head to Oklahoma City for a Tuesday night showdown with the Thunder.