DETROIT--Eventually, a team from the AL Central will figure out a way to beat Cleveland Indians ace Corey Kluber.
Kluber continued his dominance of the division on Sunday, allowing two runs in eight innings as the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 2.
The win improved Kluber (10 - 2) to 5 - 0 with a 0.76 ERA in five starts against division rivals this season, and he has won his last 11 decisions against teams from the AL Central.
Kluber allowed five hits and struck out eight without walking a batter. He has 46 strikeouts and zero walks in his last six starts.
John Hicks, who had two hits off Kluber, tried to give his teammates some hopeful advice.
Melky Cabrera and Erik Gonzalez each drove in three runs for Cleveland, which expanded its divisional lead to five games over the Tigers.
Artie Lewicki (0 - 2) took the loss, allowing three runs on six hits and a walk in five innings. He struck out four in his third major-league start.
Leonys Martin drove in two runs for Detroit, which lost a home series for the first time since April 13. The Tigers were playing their 18th game in 17 days.
The Indians took the lead with two runs in the second. Francisco Lindor singled, stole second and took third when Hicks' throw sailed into centerfield. Yonder Alonso followed with a ground-rule double to left-centerfield to put the Indians ahead, and he scored on Cabrera's one - out sacrifice fly.
Martin's groundout in the third brought home Hicks to make it 2 - 1 and end Kluber's 20-inning scoreless streak against Detroit.
Cabrera's second sacrifice fly of the game, scoring Lindor again, gave the Indians a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth.
The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the sixth off reliever Drew VerHagen and Gonzalez followed with a three - run double to put the Indians ahead 6 - 1.
Martin homered in the bottom of the sixth to make it 6 - 2, but that was Detroit's last run off Kluber.
Cabrera drove in his third run of the game to restore Cleveland's five - run lead in the eighth. Yan Gomes followed with his eighth homer to give the Indians a 9 - 2 advantage.