LOS ANGELES--Rob Segedin sprinted from the outfield to the dugout, got frenzied high-fives from teammates and flew down the stairs toward the clubhouse.
Innings after getting his second major league home run--off ace Madison Bumgarner, no less--Segedin left to meet his wife, Robin, at the hospital for the birth of their first child, missing the end of the Dodgers' 9 - 5 win over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night.
The Giants and Dodgers hadn't seen one another for two months. The visitors saw Tuesday night at Dodger Stadium just what their rival has been up to.
Segedin was called in from the outfield for a double switch in the eighth inning.
According to SportsNet LA, Segedin made it to the hospital in time to welcome his son, Robinson, who was born at 11:36 p.m. PT, and both Robin and the baby are doing well.
Rookies Segedin and Andrew Toles each homered, with Segedin taking Bumgarner deep in the second inning.
Segedin and Toles homered for the second straight game after getting their first big league homers in a 19 - 8 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Monday.
Segedin posted a photo on Instagram of him and his wife in the hospital on Monday while he was holding the ball from his first home run.
The 27-year-old Segedin debuted in the majors earlier this month after playing 561 minor league games. He nearly retired last year, when the New York Yankees demoted him from Triple-A to Double-A.
Corey Seager, Justin Turner and Adrian Gonzalez combined for eight hits and four RBIs, and the banged-up Dodgers extended their National League West lead to two games on the same day they tied a major league record by placing their 27th player on the disabled list.
Bumgarner (12 - 8) is 0 - 2 with a 5.63 ERA in three starts against the Dodgers this season. Gonzalez hit a two - run single to center with the bases loaded against Bumgarner in the fifth inning to break a tie.
Kenley Jansen allowed a homer to Denard Span but still got his 36th save.
Seager, an MVP and rookie of the year candidate, extended his hitting streak to 14 games by going 3 - for - 4 with a walk and three runs scored. Gonzalez extended his hitting streak to 16 games.
The Dodgers and Giants still play eight more times this season, including the last three games of the regular season.
Bumgarner allowed five earned runs and nine hits in five innings. He struck out seven, but the fifth inning was his demise. The Giants' bullpen, which has struggled of late, allowed four runs.
Dodgers starter Kenta Maeda (13 - 7) allowed three runs and six hits in five innings and issued a career-high four walks while striking out four. He threw 103 pitches and managed to work his way out of trouble, albeit with the help of his defense.
With two outs in the fifth, Maeda intentionally walked Brandon Crawford, then struck out Hunter Pence. He yelled and punched his glove before handing off to the bullpen.
The Giants' Angel Pagan extended his hitting streak to 19 games.