SAN DIEGO--With two hits Wednesday, Ichiro Suzuki raised his career total in the Japanese and North American major leagues to 4,257, passing Pete Rose's record Major League Baseball total.
Suzuki had 1,278 hits for Orix in Japan's Pacific League (1992 - 00) and has 2,979 with Seattle, the New York Yankees and Marlins. Rose was quoted recently by USA Today as saying: "I'm not trying to take anything away from Ichiro, he's had a Hall of Fame career, but the next thing you know, they'll be counting his high-school hits."
Suzuki's first hit Wednesday was on a dribbler in the first. His second was a double into the right-field corner in the ninth.
Marlins president David Samson watched while having a sushi dinner in Germany.
Suzuki joined the Marlins ahead of the 2015 season.
Melvin Upton Jr. homered and had two RBI, and Derek Norris had a go-ahead, two - run single for the Padres, who stopped a four - game losing streak.
Luis Perdomo (2 - 2) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings. It was the fourth big league start for the 23-year-old right-hander, taken by Colorado from St. Louis in December's winter meeting draft and acquired by the Padres later that day.
Perdomo displayed an effective fastball with reliable secondary offerings against the Marlins.
Fernando Rodney pitched a two - hit ninth to remain perfect in 13 save chances. The Padres won for just the second time in 21 series finales and for the fourth time in 22 day games.
Justin Nicolino (2 - 4) gave up five runs and 10 hits in 4 2/3 innings.
Suzuki reached on a dribbler up the first-base line in the first. Norris, a catcher, made a sliding attempt to field the ball and throw it in one motion, but Suzuki had already raced past the bag. Suzuki advanced to second on Martin Prado's single and scored on Christian Yelich's RBI single.
In the ninth, Suzuki lined a double into the right-field corner against Rodney, then took off his helmet and waved it to applauding fans. The sparse crowd, announced at 20,037, gave Suzuki a warm ovation as both teams' players applauded for Suzuki, as well.
Green seconded Mattingly: "He's special. There are people in your life which you're privileged with competing against and you get to manage against. He's as good as there is."
Upton's second homer of the series tied the score in the second, and Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on J. T. Realmuto's RBI single and Miguel Rojas' sacrifice fly.
Ryan Schimpf, called up from Triple-A on Tuesday, cut the gap with a sacrifice fly in the bottom half, and the Padres took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth when Norris hit a two - run single and scored on Upton's single.
Wil Myers added an RBI double in the sixth against Nick Wittgren.
Miami had two on in the sixth when Myers ranged from first to make an over-the-shoulder catch on Miguel Rojas' two - out flare to shallow right field.