CHICAGO--John Lackey beat one of his good friends. He also got some timely help from one of his teammates. Lackey threw seven scoreless innings, and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Monday, despite Jon Lester's taking a no-hitter into the seventh.
Lackey, who was a teammate of Lester's in Boston from 2010 to 2014, struck out four and gave up six hits while walking one and getting enough support from a Cardinals offense that scored more than three runs for the first time since June 28.
The Cubs had a good chance in the sixth, when Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant started the inning with singles. Miguel Montero struck out before Kolten Wong made a diving play on a sharp Starlin Castro grounder to start a double play and end the inning.
Wong's making that play didn't surprise Lackey (7 - 5).
It was the second time in as many days that Wong made a highlight-reel play to save a run. On Sunday against San Diego, Wong made a diving grab on a Yonder Alonso pop-up in shallow center field, a play he rated higher than what he did Monday.
The Cardinals needed that play. At the time, they had not been able to muster a hit against Lester.
Signed to a six - year, $155 million deal the past offseason, Lester (4 - 7) remains winless in nine straight starts since beating Pittsburgh on May 16. He allowed two hits and two unearned runs while striking out eight for Chicago, which had won five of six but was shut out for the seventh time.
Lester's bid for his second career no-hitter ended with one out in the seventh, when Bryant couldn't handle Jhonny Peralta's sharp grounder in back of third base. That hit ended Lester's streak of 18 batters retired.
The Chicago defense then let Lester down when Bryant's throw to second on a Jason Heyward grounder went into right field. That was followed by Yadier Molina's run-scoring sacrifice fly to right, and then Wong's RBI single to left put St. Louis ahead 2 - 0.
Lackey and two relievers combined on a six - hit shutout, which helped St. Louis win its third straight while improving to 8 - 2 against Chicago this season.
The Cardinals beat Chicago again, despite's Lester getting the first hit of his career on an infield single in the second. He had been 0 - for - 66 lifetime and 0 - for - 30 this season. That said, the hit didn't seem to bother Lackey.
"I'll autograph [the ball]," Lackey quipped, "and I'll put, 'You lost too."'
The game was delayed by rain for more than an hour in the middle of the eighth inning.