PHOENIX--Angels manager Mike Scioscia thinks his team might be more suited for interleague play than some other American League teams.
Los Angeles' record supports that belief.
Torii Hunter hit a two - run homer in an eight - run second and the Angels defeated the Arizona Diamonbacks 12 - 3 Friday night.
Jered Weaver beat the Diamondbacks for the first time as Los Angeles improved its major league-best record in interleague play to 12 - 4. The Angels are 127 - 102 since interleague play began in 1997.
The Angels scored all eight runs in the second off Arizona right-hander Billy Buckner. Hunter's homer was his 17th, and it went to deep right-center field.
Maicer Izturis doubled and tripled, driving in two runs and scoring two, and Bobby Abreu had two hits and two RBIs while helping the Angels (39 - 32) to a season high in runs. Kendry Morales and Juan Rivera also had two hits apiece.
The Angels, who have won three in a row and 10 of 13 games, stayed one - half game behind Texas in the AL West. The Rangers took two of three from Arizona in a just-completed series.
Weaver (8 - 3) won for the fifth time in six starts, giving up three runs on four hits in six innings. He is 12 - 4 with a 2.78 ERA in June in his four major league seasons.
Said Weaver: "The first three innings I kind of struggled with my mechanics. My front leg was swinging out on the delivery. It was getting loopy. I just had to make an adjustment. The last three innings it felt good."
Arizona (30 - 44) has lost six of seven and is 5 - 8 in interleague play.
Diamondbacks shortstop Stephen Drew hit a two - run home run in the third inning, his fifth of the season. Tony Clark also connected in the fourth, his second homer in two days.
Clark has four homers, the first two coming in back-to-back at-bats on opening day. Clark was activated from the disabled list on June 19 after missing 44 days with a hand injury.
Buckner (2 - 5) lasted only 1 2/3 innings in his shortest career start. He has given up 26 earned runs in his last 18 1/3 innings, and was optioned to Triple-A Reno after the game.
Rivera singled with one out in the second and went to third on a hit-and-run by Morales. Willy Aybar beat out an infield to drive in the first run before Jeff Mathis doubled in another.
Weaver grounded into a fielder's choice at third, scoring Aybar. Chone Figgins then walked and Izturis tripled into the right-field corner. Abreu singled in a run, and Hunter's home run to right-center made it 8 - 0.capped the inning.