DENVER--Chris Nelson wasn't sure he had hit the ball hard enough for a homer.
When he saw the saw ball disappear over the fence as he rounded first base, out came a celebratory fist pump, and a day marked by frustration at the plate and in the field turned noticeably bright.
Nelson had his go-ahead, three - run home run in the seventh inning, and the Colorado Rockies overcame a career-best six RBIs by Chase Headley to beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Sunday.
Tyler Colvin and Ramon Hernandez also homered and Dexter Fowler had three hits and two RBIs to help the Rockies win two of three to snap the Padres' string of three consecutive series victories.
Headley drove in at least one run with each of his four hits, including his 23rd homer of the season, a two - run shot in the first inning. Alexi Amarista had a career-best five hits for the Padres, who had a season-high 20 on the day.
With San Diego leading 9 - 7 in the bottom of the seventh, Tommy Layne hit Carlos Gonzalez with a pitch, Jordan Pacheco singled, and one out later Nelson homered to straightaway center against Brad Brach (1 - 4). It was Nelson's seventh home run of the season.
Rockies manager Jim Tracy said Nelson has been swinging the bat well recently.
Colorado added a run in the eighth, with help from a two - base throwing error by Brach that allowed Charlie Blackmon, aboard with a walk, to advance to third. Fowler drove him in with his third hit of the day and second RBI single.
Guillermo Moscoso (1 - 1) retired the only batter he faced to close the seventh, and Rafael Betancourt gave up three consecutive two - out hits in the ninth--including an RBI single by Amarista--before getting Chris Denorfia to ground out for his 27th save.
The Rockies recovered to get the win after giving up a four - run lead following a seven - run third inning.
San Diego's Casey Kelly, who pitched six scoreless innings to beat Atlanta in his major league debut last Monday, was roughed up when the Rockies sent 11 men to the plate in the third.
Fowler singled to drive in the inning's first run for the Rockies and after a two - out, ground-rule double by Gonzalez, Pacheco hit a two - run double to tie the score at 3-all.
Colvin followed with a drive into the right-field seats for his 17th home run of the season and second in two games. After Nelson singled, Hernandez connected for a two - run shot, his first homer since April 27, ending a drought of 121 at-bats.
Staked to the 7 - 3 lead after trailing 3 - 0 early, Rockies starter Jeff Francis couldn't get out of the fourth inning. He allowed six runs on 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings, including Headley's two - run homer in the first and RBI single in the third. Headley's two - run single in the fourth helped the Padres pull to 7 - 6, finishing Francis and bringing on reliever Adam Ottovino.
After Amarista doubled in the sixth and scored on Logan Forsythe's single, Headley hit his third run-scoring single of the day and the Padres went in front 9 - 7.