MIAMI--Noah Syndergaard walked out of the New York Mets postgame clubhouse and into the Miami night wearing a man bun, which shows he can make an adjustment when necessary.
The right-hander's long, wet, unruly mane gave him the most trouble Monday, when he allowed one earned run in six innings to help the Mets win their sixth consecutive game and match the best start in franchise history by beating the Marlins 4 - 2.
After making his first two starts of the season in chilly weather, Syndergaard took the mound on a humid, 83-degree night and tired in the sixth. He also dealt with blisters on two fingers but said they weren't a hindrance.
Syndergaard (2 - 0) had less than his best stuff but stranded four runners in scoring position. That was good enough to help the Mets extend their longest winning streak since September 2016, and they improved to 8 - 1, matching their start in 1985 and 2006.
Jeurys Familia escaped a jam in the ninth to earn his fifth save, most in the majors. He gave up a single and double before striking out Miguel Rojas and Starlin Castro for the victory.
Familia and three other relievers combined to shut out Miami over the final three innings, lowering the team ERA to 2.25.
The announced crowd of 7,003--most of them rooting for the visitors- was the Marlins' smallest at home since 2006. This year they began announcing attendance based on only tickets sold, a change from the previous ownership regime.
The Mets arrived in Miami shortly before sunrise after completing their first three - game sweep of Washington since September 2015. But they were unfazed by any lack of sleep, jumping to a 3 - 0 lead after three innings.
Adrian Gonzalez and Jay Bruce each had an RBI single off Marlins ace Jose Urena (0 - 2), who allowed three runs in five innings.
Two of the Mets' runs resulted from defensive lapses. In the third inning, Miami catcher Bryan Holaday failed to catch a routine pop foul hit by Bruce, who then delivered a two - out RBI single. A wild throw by first baseman Justin Bour in the seventh led to an unearned run, which came home on Amed Rosario's RBI single.
Miami went 2 for 12 with runners in scoring position, stranded 10, hit into a double play and lost a runner on the bases.
The game was the first this year between the NL East rivals. The Mets went 7 - 12 against the Marlins last year.