CLEVELAND--Mike Napoli found the perfect way to lift up a weary baseball team.
Napoli hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Cleveland Indians remained perfect in 10 games against the Detroit Tigers this season with a 5 - 3 victory on Monday night.
The win also ended Cleveland's two - game skid that followed a franchise-record 14-game winning streak set with a 19-inning victory in Toronto on Friday. The Indians dropped the final two games of the series and saw the start of Monday's game delayed by rain for 2 hours, 21 minutes.
The win came in front of a crowd of 34,163, the Indians' second sellout of the season and first since opening day. Cleveland has outscored Detroit 65 - 23 this season and the Indians now lead the Tigers by 6 1/2 games in the AL Central.
Napoli hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bruce Rondon (2 - 1) into the left-field bleachers, helping the Indians to their 12th straight win at home.
Jeff Manship (1 - 1) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings and Cody Allen worked the ninth for his 18th save. The game ended when Jose Iglesias bounced into a double play. Iglesias was called safe at first, but it was reversed after a replay review.
Nick Castellanos and Steven Moya homered for Detroit, which had won six straight.
Rondon struck out Jason Kipnis to start the seventh, but walked Francisco Lindor before Napoli hit his 17th homer.
Detroit starter Daniel Norris was pulled in the third with a strained right oblique. The Tigers announced he'll have an MRI on Tuesday.
Danny Salazar allowed three runs in 5 2/3 innings and has a 2.36 ERA, the lowest in the AL.
Dustin Molleken made his major league debut when he replaced Norris in the third. Molleken was called up from Triple-A Toledo when right-hander Jordan Zimmermann was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a neck strain.
Friday's marathon, along with Sunday's 17 - 1 loss to the Blue Jays, forced the Indians to make several roster moves to help an overworked bullpen. Joba Chamberlain and Tom Gorzelanny were designated for assignment while Mike Clevinger and T. J. House were recalled from Triple-A Columbus before the game.