OAKLAND, Calif.--Stephen Vogt can really fly. Especially for a catcher, as he cheerfully points out.
With the game tied in the seventh, Vogt took off from first on Eric Sogard's two - out double and beat the throw home to score the go-ahead run in the Oakland Athletics' 3 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night.
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first, and Sogard came through yet again with a timely hit.
The A's gained ground on the first-place Texas Rangers in the AL West race for the second straight day, pulling within a half-game after the Rangers lost at home to Seattle.
Former A's fan favorite Nick Swisher tied the game at 2 - 2 in the seventh with an RBI single, and winner Sean Doolittle (4 - 4) walked the bases loaded before getting out of it with only the one run. Swisher, booed at every chance, grounded out with runners on first and second to end the eighth.
Grant Balfour pitched the ninth for his 31st save in 32 chances, allowing a one - out walk to Carlos Santana and Michael Brantley's single before Asdrubal Cabrera lined into a game-ending double play as the A's held on to win for the first time in five tries this year against the Indians.
Cleveland All-Star Justin Masterson (13 - 9) lost consecutive decisions for just the second time this season. He allowed three runs on seven hits in 7 2/3 innings after coming off his shortest outing of the year, 4 1/3 innings in which he allowed five runs and seven hits against the Angels.
The lefty is still looking for his first victory in the Oakland Coliseum. He dropped to 0 - 5 with a 7.71 ERA in six appearances and five starts.
A's starter A. J. Griffin escaped a bases-loaded jam in the fifth but his pitch count climbed in a hurry and he was done after five innings and 104 pitches. The right-hander's winless stretch reached three starts since getting victories in four of his previous five outings.
Griffin and Masterson matched up in that one, too.
On Friday, the Indians got on the board in the third on Carlos Santana's single to right. Gold Glove right fielder Josh Reddick wildly overthrew third baseman Josh Donaldson trying to get Swisher. The ball hit the facing of the Oakland dugout and bounced back onto the field, where Donaldson grabbed it and threw home not knowing the play was dead and Swisher would score. Meanwhile, Griffin went sliding into the dirt on his knees apparently thinking he could stop the ball from reaching the dugout.
Reddick made a nice reaching catch at the warning track on a hard hit ball by Michael Bourn in the fifth to rob him of an extra-base hit, then Cespedes chased down a drive by Brantley for the third out of the inning as the Indians left the bases loaded.