CHICAGO--Derrek Lee struggled in his first game with the Atlanta Braves and still had a good time.
This was exactly what the big first baseman expected when he joined the NL East leaders.
Rick Ankiel hit a bases-loaded triple off a wild Carlos Marmol with two out in the ninth inning, lifting Lee and the Braves to a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday.
Marmol entered with a 3 - 2 lead and walked three of the first four batters he faced. After Melky Cabrera struck out, Ankiel lined a 2 - 2 pitch into the right-field corner.
Atlanta leads the majors with 22 wins in its final at-bat and Ankiel, who arrived last month in a trade with the Kansas City Royals, was happy to finally do the honors. He entered the game with only three RBIs since joining the team.
Lee received a standing ovation before his first at-bat and went 0 - for - 4. He struck out, flied out and lined out against best buddy Ryan Dempster before striking out against Marmol for the first out of the ninth.
Dempster stepped off the mound in the first inning so Lee could enjoy the applause. He waved his helmet to the crowd before flying out on the first pitch, stranding a runner at third.
The Cubs lost their eighth straight home game--their longest skid in four years--and fifth consecutive overall.
Marmol (2 - 3) walked Martin Prado, Brian McCann and Alex Gonzalez before Ankiel's hit. It was his fifth blown save in 26 chances.
Billy Wagner retired three straight hitters after Darwin Barney's leadoff single in the Chicago ninth, earning his 30th save and No. 415 for his career. He fanned two to move into a tie with Jesse Orosco for the most strikeouts by a left-handed reliever with 1,169.
Ankiel also made a nice catch in center field to rob Starlin Castro in the first and later threw out Koyie Hill trying to stretch a single into a double.
Dempster allowed two runs and four hits, retiring the last nine batters he faced. He is 3 - 0 with a 1.65 ERA in four starts this month.
Peter Moylan (5 - 2) pitched a perfect eighth in relief of Jair Jurrjens, who gave up three runs and nine hits in seven innings for Atlanta.
Hill singled in a run in the second, but Atlanta tied it in the third on Omar Infante's home run and grabbed a 2 - 1 lead on Gonzalez's RBI double in the fourth--the final hit allowed by Dempster.
Aramis Ramirez homered in the bottom half for the Cubs and doubled in Marlon Byrd in the sixth. Ramirez has 12 homers and 33 RBIs in his last 37 games after failing to produce in the first half of the season.