NEW YORK--When Madison Bumgarner pitches at Citi Field, he gets World Series-type results.
Bumgarner pitched through rain to extend his scoreless streak at the Mets to 18 innings, Hunter Pence homered and drove in three runs, and the San Francisco Giants ran at will against Noah Syndergaard in a 6 - 1 victory Sunday that stopped New York's eight - game winning streak.
Bumgarner and Scherzer were at their best in their Sunday wins, as was Clayton Kershaw and a couple of others. Stats & Info explores the dominance.
Bumgarner (3 - 2) is 4 - 0 with a 0.62 ERA at Citi Field and has the longest shutout streak by an opposing pitcher in the ballpark's eight - season history. After adjusting his mechanics, he gave up six hits in six innings, struck out seven and walked three, lowering his ERA from 3.64 to 3.03.
He escaped a second-and-third, two - out jam in the third when Neil Walker popped out and threw a called third strike to his final batter, Asbrubal Cabrera, with the bases loaded in the sixth. His fastball had averaged 91 mph coming in, down from 93 mph last April, but he reached 92 mph at times against the Mets.
He pitched in a steady, light rain. Because of the forecast, Bumgarner had been expecting a delay.
One start after allowing five steals against Cincinnati, Syndergaard (2 - 1) gave up three more, and the stolen bases got him into trouble. Runners have swiped 12 bases in 13 attempts against Syndergaard this year, the most in the majors, according to STATS.
Matt Duffy singled with one out in the fourth, stole second and took third when Posey singled. With Posey running on a full-count pitch, Brandon Belt hit an RBI grounder to second that otherwise likely would have been an inning-ending double play.
Posey, a slow-footed catcher with 10 steals in eight big league seasons, isn't used to creating offense with his feet.
Two pitches later, Pence drove a fastball to the opposite field and over the right-field fence for his fifth home run this season and the first off Syndergaard. After striking out Brandon Crawford to end the inning, Syndergaard slapped his glove in frustration.
At 98.2 mph, the pitch was tied for the second-highest velocity offering on a home run this year, according to MLB's Statcast, 0.3 mph less than the one resulting in a drive by the Milwaukee Brewers' Domingo Santana off St. Louis Cardinals closer Trevor Rosenthal.
San Francisco made it 4 - 0 in the sixth after Duffy singled and stole second, and Syndergaard walked Belt with two outs. Hansel Robles relieved, and Pence's single to right drove in Duffy. With his second straight three - RBI game, Pence is batting.419 (13 for 31) with three homers and seven extra-base hits in his last nine.
Syndergaard allowed four runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings as his ERA climbed from 1.69 to 2.51. New York lost for just the third time in 16 games.
Angel Pagan singled in a run against Antonio Bastardo in the seventh, then strained his left hamstring while rounding first base, was tagged out and came out of the game. Kelby Tomlinson had walked and stolen the Giants' fourth base.