MINNEAPOLIS (AP)--The Minnesota Twins' second victory of the season came at a hefty price.
Carlos Gomez went 3 - for - 4 with a double and two stolen bases, but star right fielder Michael Cuddyer was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a dislocated right index finger in Minnesota's 4 - 3 victory over Kansas City on Friday night, the Royals' first loss of the season.
Scott Baker (1 - 0) gave up three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings and Joe Nathan picked up his second save, but the postgame mood was noticeably sullen with the news on Cuddyer.
He was going from first to third on a single by Justin Morneau in the third inning when he collided awkwardly with Alex Gordon on a headfirst slide into third base.
Cuddyer was 2 - for - 2 in the game, but needed stitches to close the gash on his finger and could be on the bench for a while.
Billy Butler had two hits and an RBI for the Royals (3 - 1), who lost a little momentum after a surprising sweep of the big-money Tigers in Detroit to start the season.
The perennially rebuilding Royals entered the night as the last unbeaten team in the majors and were three games over.500 for the first time since the end of the 2003 season.
The struggling Twins offense was able to get just enough against John Bale (0 - 1), who was making his first major-league start since Sept. 18, 2003, when he was with Cincinnati. He played in Japan for three seasons before signing with Kansas City last year, when he spent the first 89 games on the disabled list.
He was following in some big footsteps after Gil Meche, Brian Bannister and Zack Greinke shut down the heavy hitters in Motown to start the season.
Bale, the brother-in-law of Tampa Bay Lightning star Vincent LeCavalier, gave up four runs on 10 hits in 6 1 - 3 innings.
His counterpart, Baker (1 - 0), endured his own frustrations this spring when he missed time because of a sore shoulder and the flu at camp.
The Royals worked him into deep counts and fouled off plenty of offerings, scoring three runs and running Baker's pitch count to 40 after two innings. But the right-hander settled down and retired 11 straight hitters, needing just six pitches to get through the third.
After scoring just eight runs while losing three of four to the Angels to open the season, the Twins' bats came through on Friday night.
Morneau broke an 0 - for - 13 slump to start the year with an RBI single in the third, making it 3 - 2. Mike Lamb led off the fourth with a double and scored on a squeeze play by Adam Everett to take the lead for good.
Though they were happy to snap a three - game losing streak, the Twins were more concerned about Cuddyer, a clubhouse pillar who took over Torii Hunter's locker after the beloved center fielder signed with the Angels.