Anything to change the subject, right?
Hours after the Nationals suspended closer Jonathan Papelbon for fighting with teammate Bryce Harper in the dugout a day earlier, Max Scherzer came within five outs of his second no-hitter of the season, shutting down the Cincinnati Reds into the eighth inning while striking out 10 batters in a 5 - 1 victory Monday.
Scherzer did not allow a hit until Tucker Barnhart singled to left field on a 1 - 2 count with one out in the eighth. That came on Scherzer's 105th pitch, and fans at the stadium rose to salute the right-hander with a standing ovation. To that point, the Reds only had three baserunners, on walks in the first, third and seventh.
Did he ponder getting no-no No. 2, which would have made him the first pitcher with two no-hitters in one regular season since Nolan Ryan in 1973?
Barnhart wound up scoring on Skip Schumaker's single, the only other hit allowed by Scherzer (13 - 12), who left after the eighth.
He entered Monday leading the league in batting average (.336), homers (41), slugging percentage (.658), on-base percentage (.467) and runs (117).
Papelbon, meanwhile, is done for the season: He will miss four games because he was suspended by the Nationals for the episode in which he grabbed Harper's throat, and the other three games because he dropped his appeal of a Major League Baseball ban for throwing near an opponent's head last week.
Papelbon was acquired from the Phillies in a trade in late July in hopes of a possible postseason push.
The Nationals began the season as World Series favorites, but their playoff hopes officially ended Saturday, when the Mets clinched the NL East title.
Before the eighth inning, Schumaker came closest to getting a hit off Scherzer--and he did so twice. In the third inning, left fielder Tyler Moore laid out for a diving catch, and in the sixth, second baseman Dan Uggla dropped to a knee to grab a liner.
Exactly a year ago to the day, on Sept. 28, 2014, Washington's Jordan Zimmermann no-hit the Miami Marlins on the last day of the regular season, getting the last out on a spectacular catch by left fielder Steven Souza Jr., who is no longer with the Nationals.
Scherzer, the 2013 AL Cy Young Award winner for Detroit, signed a $210 million contract with Washington this offseason.
On Monday, he regularly topped 95 mph and occasionally reached 99 mph.