MIAMI--John Buck is new to the Florida Marlins and still learning the jagged configuration of their outfield, so he was unsure whether his bases-loaded drive Wednesday would clear the wall.
Buck, who hit a grand slam on opening day, missed another by inches when the ball hit the top of the wall and caromed back onto the field. He settled for a three - run triple that helped the Marlins come from behind to win for the second consecutive night, this time by erasing a four - run deficit to beat Washington 7 - 4.
Chris Coghlan had three doubles and a single and scored three times for the Marlins, and Omar Infante put them ahead to stay with an RBI single in the sixth. Four Florida relievers combined for four shutout innings.
But Buck made the biggest contribution. With Livan Hernandez trying to protect a 4 - 1 lead and two outs in the fifth inning, Buck fouled off two 3 - 2 pitches, then lofted a fly that landed near the 404-foot sign. With the ball ruled in play, the Marlins' 237-pound catcher chugged into third for his first triple since 2009.
Rodriguez argued Buck's hit had cleared the wall, but the call stood after a replay review.
Washington's Ian Desmond, who entered the game 0 for 13, had four hits and two RBIs. But the Nationals, who began the night batting.121 (4 for 33) with runners in scoring position, went only 2 for 10 in those situations.
The Nationals (1 - 4) have an overall average of.209, and they've scored only 14 runs.
Ryan Zimmerman struck out with two on to end the game against Leo Nunez, who converted his first save chance. Brian Sanches (1 - 0) pitched a perfect sixth.
The Marlins made several offseason moves to upgrade a shaky bullpen, and in the first two games of the series, their relievers have shut out Washington on three hits over 8 1/3 innings.
Josh Johnson, who has a career record of 7 - 0 against Washington, is scheduled to start Thursday when Florida tries for a sweep.
The Nationals' frustration peaked in the eighth. As reliever Todd Coffey left the game, he argued with plate umpire Todd Tschida and was ejected. Coffey then threw his glove and went face to face with Tschida.
Hernandez took a 4 - 0 led into the fifth before tiring. He departed for a pinch hitter after throwing 97 pitches in five innings. He gave up six hits and five walks.
Florida went ahead with two runs in the sixth off Chad Gaudin (0 - 1). Pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs singled, took third on a double by Coghlan and scored on Infante's single.
Coghlan came home when shortstop Desmond mishandled Hanley Ramirez's grounder for an error.
Volstad needed 95 pitches to get through five inning and left for a pinch hitter trailing 4 - 0. Volstad, who won all four of his starts against Washington last year, gave up four hits and four walks.