LOS ANGELES--The Dodgers were hoping Rich Hill would put his blister problems behind him Sunday. Those hopes burst in the third inning, though, and Taijuan Walker and the Diamondbacks were ready to take advantage.
Walker pitched five solid innings and Arizona beat Los Angeles 3 - 1 after Hill re-aggravated a blister on his left middle finger.
Hill (1 - 1) was activated from the 10-day disabled list before this start after missing time with the blister, but he made it only three innings and 54 pitches before leaving. The left-hander allowed two runs, five hits and two walks and struck out two.
Chris Iannetta hit a solo homer off Hill in the third inning, and five batters later, Hill walked Jake Lamb with the bases loaded for a 2 - 0 Arizona lead. Paul Goldschmidt singled in another run in the seventh inning.
Hill was upset when he arrived in the dugout after the third and went straight to the clubhouse. He returned to the mound to start the fourth inning, but Roberts and a trainer met him there for a long conversation before he was pulled.
Last year, Hill was traded from Oakland to the Dodgers in August when he already had a blister issue on the same finger. He signed a $48 million, three - year free agent deal in the offseason with Los Angeles, and there were no issues in spring training this season. Now, though, the blister has reared its ugly head again.
The Dodgers had eight pitchers in the bullpen Sunday in case Hill's blister flared up, and they used five of them to finish the game.
Walker (2 - 1) struck out seven and allowed a run, four hits and a walk. Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his fourth save.
Walker loaded the bases in the first inning by walking Yasmani Grandal, but he struck out Joc Pederson to end the inning.
Archie Bradley followed Walker with 2 2/3 scoreless innings, allowing a hit and a walk. Bradley has thrown 9 1/3 scoreless innings to open the season, his first as a full-time reliever.
Yasiel Puig had an RBI double to left field in the fourth inning.