ST. LOUIS--Jason Heyward wasn't sure how to react after hitting his first home run as a member of the St. Louis Cardinals in a 5 - 2 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Saturday.
The curtain call concept was new to him.
Heyward's homer backed a strong six - inning pitching performance by Carlos Martinez as the Cardinals won their fourth in a row.
Matt Carpenter drove in a pair of runs for the NL Central champions.
Zack Cozart homered for the Reds, who have lost three in a row and six of seven.
Cincinnati speedster Billy Hamilton left in the eighth inning after beating out an infield single. He is day-to-day with irritation in his right groin, manager Bryan Price said.
Heyward was acquired from Atlanta in November to replace outfielder Oscar Taveras, who was killed in an automobile accident.
Heyward homered in his 42nd at-bat of the season, connecting in the third inning.
St. Louis manager Mike Matheny has final approval on all curtain calls.
Matheny gave the thumbs-up and the celebration was on.
Martinez (1 - 0) allowed one run and three hits, striking out four and walking two.
Trevor Rosenthal picked up his fourth save in as many opportunities. He struck out Joey Votto with two on to end the game.
Homer Bailey (0 - 1) surrendered five runs and nine hits over 5 2/3 innings. He made his first start after beginning the season on the disabled list while recovering from surgery on a torn flexor tendon.
Martinez picked up his first win of the season and need just 86 pitches. He retired 10 of the last 11 batters he faced.
Carpenter, who has six successive multihit games, improved to 17 for 29 (.586) lifetime against Bailey. His two - run double in the sixth pushed the lead to 5 - 1 and chased Bailey.
Matt Adams put St. Louis in front with an RBI single in the first. He drove in Matt Holliday, who doubled with two out.
Holliday left the game after scoring with stiffness in his back. Holliday, who has hit safely in all 10 games this season, is day-to-day.
Yadier Molina made it 3 - 0 with a run-scoring double in the fourth. Molina has eight hits in his last 15 at-bats.
Cozart, who had three hits, pushed his hitting streak to seven games.
Jhonny Peralta of the Cardinals had a nine - game hitting streak snapped.