PITTSBURGH--The roar began the moment Sean Rodriguez recorded the last out of the ninth inning and only grew louder as A. J. Burnett slowed walked toward the Pittsburgh Pirates dugout.
This is why the 38-year-old pitcher left money on the table in Philadelphia last winter to return to the Pirates. This is why he wanted his to end his career in a place where he helped spark a turnaround after two decades of misery.
And this--two - plus hours of spectacular work against the reeling Phillies--is why the Pirates happily welcomed him back. While Josh Harrison owned the moment when he drove in Neil Walker with two outs in the bottom of the 11th to lift Pittsburgh to a 1 - 0 win, the afternoon belonged to the wise old man on one of baseball's best pitching staffs.
Burnett scattered five hits in nine innings, walking one and striking out four to lower his ERA to 1.89. He needed to be brilliant to match former teammate Cole Hamels, who overwhelmed Pittsburgh in seven scoreless innings, striking out 12 before giving way to a bullpen that couldn't stop the Phillies from dropping their sixth straight.
Something the Pirates are doing with regularity. Pittsburgh has won four straight, three of them by shutout to drop its team ERA to 2.83, tops in the majors. Burnett's 1.89 ERA trails only 24-year-old teammate Gerrit Cole's 1.71.
Still, Pittsburgh needed a little help from Philadelphia to escape. Neil Walker singled off Jonathan Papelbon (1 - 1) with two outs in the ninth. Jose Tabata reached when Philadelphia shortstop Freddy Galvis threw a routine grounder into the stands. Harrison followed with a crisp shot up the middle.
Antonio Bastardo (2 - 1) picked up the win after working the top of the 11th. The Pirates have swept six series this season, the most of any team in the majors and are 22 - 11 since May 9.
Burnett spent a forgettable season with Philadelphia in 2014, losing 18 games and leading the majors in walks before returning to Pittsburgh in the offseason for what he promises will be his final go-round. He is pitching like someone a decade younger, helped on Sunday by more than a little help behind him.
Andrew McCutchen made a leaping grab at the center field wall in the first to take extra bases away from Ryan Howard, and Sean Rodriguez went all out to haul in a sinking liner to right Galvis in the fifth.
Hamels didn't need much assistance, mostly because the Pirates had problems putting the ball in play. His only trouble spot came in the fourth when two singles and a hit by pitch loaded the bases. Jordy Mercer grounded out to third to end the threat and Hamels went back to keeping Pittsburgh's right-hand heavy lineup in knots.
He retired 11 of the last 12 batters he faced, the final one a meek grounder by Burnett that went right back to Hamels. Rather than run to first, Burnett held up his hands as if to say "I'm good" while Hamels jogged to the bag to record the out.