The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 115 - 86, at Philips Arena on Wednesday evening. The Heat (42 - 36) came into Wednesday's contest looking to make it two wins in two nights against the hapless Hawks (22 - 57), which they'd upended by a 101 - 98 score on Tuesday in Miami to clinch a playoff spot. It would have likely to blame the visitors if they came out a bit flat as a result, especially with Goran Dragic sitting with an ankle injury. Matters seemingly played out that way in the first quarter, with Atlanta taking a 29 - 23 lead in the first 12 minutes. However, it was all Heat from that point forward, as they hit or eclipsed 30 points in each of the last three periods while allowing their hosts no more than 21 points in any one quarter. The disparity lead to a comfortable and runaway victory for Miami, which produced identical 45 percent tallies from the floor and three - point range. Josh Richardson and Kelly Olynyk led the way for the Heat with matching 19 - point efforts, with the latter notably notching 15 of his on five three - pointers in the second quarter. Richardson added four rebounds, two assists, four blocks and three steals, while Olynyk also supplied eight rebounds and five assists. Justise Winslow turned in 18 points, five assists and one rebound. Rodney McGruder drew the start at shooting guard with Tyler Johnson sliding over to point guard in Dragic's place, and he produced 14 points, two boards, one assist and one steal. Wayne Ellington poured in 11 points off the bench and also ripped down three rebounds and recorded one steal. Derrick Jones, Jr. went for 10 points, four boards and one assist. Johnson collected just six points, two rebounds, two assists and one block over 23 minutes. Hassan Whiteside totaled a modest four points but did haul in 13 rebounds, dish out two assists and post three blocks. Taurean Price paced the Hawks with 20 points, a total he supplemented with four assists, one rebound and one steal. Damion Lee delivered 15 points, four boards, one assist and one steal. Tyler Dorsey matched Lee's scoring total while leading the bench and also offered five rebounds, one assist and two steals. John Collins managed a full line of nine points, eight rebounds, four assists and one block. Dewayne Dedmon pitched in six points, eight boards and two assists. The Heat's next stop is in the Big Apple, where they'll face off with the New York Knicks on Friday night. The Hawks hit the road themselves and land in the Nation's Capital, where they'll tangle with the Washington Wizards on Friday evening, as well.