ARLINGTON, Texas--Two days after being roughed up by the Red Sox, Frank Francisco helped the Texas Rangers knock Boston out of the wild-card lead.
Francisco bounced back from the worst outing of his career to pick up the save, Ian Kinsler homered and drove in two runs, and the Rangers passed the Red Sox in the AL wild-card race with a 4 - 3 win Sunday.
Francisco pitched a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth to give Texas a half-game lead over Boston. Less than 48 hours earlier, the closer was booed off the mound after being touched up for six runs in Boston's 8 - 4 victory Friday night.
Kinsler, back in the lineup one day after he was hit by a pitch that ricocheted off his shoulder to his head, went deep for the second straight day and had an RBI single in the third that gave Texas a 3 - 1 lead.
Dustin Nippert (4 - 1) gave up two runs and six hits as the Rangers took two of three in the weekend series. The right-hander pitched 5 2/3 innings to defeat Boston on July 22, his only other win as a starter this season.
Texas, which also got a solo shot from Taylor Teagarden, went 7 - 2 against the Red Sox this season.
David Ortiz and Dustin Pedroia went deep for the Red Sox. Junichi Tazawa (1 - 2) yielded 10 hits and four runs over five - plus innings in his second career start.
Pedroia's 10th homer in the seventh inning cut Texas' lead to 4 - 3 but the Rangers bullpen held on. With Red Sox runners on first and second in the eighth, C. J. Wilson struck out two consecutive batters to end the inning. Francisco then finished for his 16th save.
Boston is closing out a run where it plays 15 of 19 on the road. The Red Sox are 7 - 9 in the stretch with three games left at Toronto.
The Red Sox were not discouraged despite losing a series to its closest playoff competitor.
Ortiz homered leading off the second, his 17th of the season and second of the series.
Kinsler responded with his 25th homer in the bottom half and Texas took the lead for good with two runs in the third. Josh Hamilton drove in David Murphy with a double and scored on Kinsler's single.
The Rangers activated Kinsler on Friday after he missed 15 games with a strained left hamstring. The second baseman is 4 - for - 6 the past two games.
Brian Anderson's sacrifice fly cut Texas' lead to 3 - 2 in the fourth and Boston threatened again in the fifth, putting runners on first and second with two out. But Nippert struck out Mike Lowell to end the threat.
Lowell hurled his bat and helmet in frustration as the Red Sox struggled for a second straight game to get runners home. Boston was 0 - for - 5 with runners in scoring position and is 0 - for - 10 the past two games.