ARLINGTON, Texas--Julio Borbon and Elvis Andrus wreaked havoc when they were on the basepaths last year in the minors. Now they're causing problems for opposing catchers in the majors.
Borbon had four hits and four of Texas' eight stolen bases, Andrus swiped three more and the Rangers cut Boston's AL wild-card lead to a half-game with a 7 - 2 victory over the Red Sox.
The club-record eight stolen bases matched the most in the majors this season. Boston also allowed eight against Tampa Bay on May 3. The Rangers had six steals against the Red Sox on July 22.
Boston has only caught eight of 111 would-be base stealers this season. Catcher Jason Varitek took the blame for the Rangers' successful running game.
Borbon came into the game with three career hits and one stolen base. Rangers manager Ron Washington moved Ian Kinsler down to sixth in the order and inserted Borbon into the leadoff spot.
The Rangers bounced back after giving up six runs in the ninth inning of an 8 - 4 loss Friday night, blowing a chance to take the lead in the wild-card chase.
Two rookie pitchers also delivered solid performances for the Rangers. Derek Holland (6 - 7) allowed two runs in 6 2/3 innings to win for the third time in four starts. Neftali Feliz struck out three in two innings to pick up his first career save.
Jason Bay and Victor Martinez homered for Boston, 2 - 6 against Texas this season. Brad Penny (7 - 7) dropped his fourth straight decision on the road, allowing four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings.
Kinsler, who also stole a base, got the Rangers off to a good start in his first plate appearance since coming off the disabled list Friday.
Leading off the second, Kinsler drove a 1 - 2 pitch from Penny barely over the fence in right. Andrus tripled two outs later and scored on Borbon's single.
After Bay hit his 25th homer on the first pitch of the fourth, the Red Sox went on to put two runners on with one out in the inning. Holland responded by striking out Brian Anderson and Alex Gonzalez to end the threat. The 22-year-old left-hander pumped his fist and yelled after escaping the jam.
The Rangers ran their way to two runs in the fourth. Andrus, who had three hits, singled and stole second and third on consecutive pitches before Borbon singled to make it 3 - 1. Borbon stole second and moved to third on Michael Young's grounder. Marlon Byrd then hit a sacrifice fly.
Andrus and Borbon each singled and stole a base in the eighth. They scored on Josh Hamilton's two - run single.