BOSTON--The Minnesota Twins are proving they haven't given up.
After opening the season with just 16 wins in their first 56 games, the Twins have started the post All-Star break nicely. They earned their fifth victory in nine games to clinch a winning road trip.
Miguel Sano homered and Eduardo Nunez drove in three runs, including two in a five - run seventh inning, as Minnesota rallied for an 11 - 9 win over the Boston Red Sox on Saturday night.
A struggling David Price and a faulty bullpen were the reasons why the Boston Red Sox dropped a second-straight game to the woeful Minnesota Twins.
After taking two of three in Detroit against the Tigers, the Twins can take the series against Boston on Sunday.
Eddie Rosario had four singles for Minnesota, which won its second straight over Boston after losing the series opener Thursday.
"We played the game hard and did what we needed to do. We hit the ball well, we ran the bases well. We fought hard and did what we had to do to win the game."
Hanley Ramirez belted a three - run homer and Xander Bogaerts had four hits for the Red Sox, who lost for just the third time in 12 games. Jackie Bradley Jr. had three hits and two RBI.
Red Sox starter David Price went 5 2/3 innings and gave up 11 hits for his second straight start. The left-hander gave up five runs, raising his ERA to 4.51.
Ryan Pressly (4 - 5) got four outs in relief for the win. Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for his eighth save.
Twins starter Ricky Nolasco lasted just two innings, giving up six runs and walking three.
Trailing 8 - 5 in the seventh, the Twins surged ahead with five runs. Max Kepler had an RBI triple and scored on Kennys Vargas' double. Vargas scored the tying run on an overturned replay on Rosario's single against Tommy Layne (0 - 1).
Plate umpire Clint Fagan originally ruled him out on a throw from Bradley, but Vargas slipped his hand in on a head-first slide. Nunez's two - run single made it 10 - 8.
Sano homered in the eighth.
Ramirez homered as Boston erased a 4 - 1 deficit with a five - run second, hitting it over the Green Monster after Brock Holt scored on a wild pitch and Dustin Pedroia had an RBI double.
Bradley's run-scoring double made it 7 - 4.