PHILADELPHIA--A. J. Burnett isn't much for numbers except when it comes to strikeouts.
Ryan Howard and Cody Asche homered, and Burnett fanned seven in six solid innings to lead the Philadelphia Phillies over the Washington Nationals 7 - 2 on Saturday night.
Jimmy Rollins had four hits and Marlon Byrd doubled and drove in a pair of runs for Philadelphia. The Phillies won for just the third time in 11 games against the Nationals.
Adam LaRoche and Zach Walters homered for Washington.
The game was delayed for 24 minutes because of heavy rain, lightning and thunder after the sixth. Burnett didn't return after the weather cleared, having thrown 93 pitches.
Burnett (2 - 1) gave up one run on three hits and walked two. The right-hander had seven strikeouts to up his career total to 2,215, moving past Jim Palmer into 52nd all-time.
The 37-year-old has relied on precise control, more than power, to accumulate strikeouts in the latter stages of his career.
And he has been doing it lately while battling a hernia. He has a 0.98 ERA and 25 strikeouts in 27 2/3 innings since the injury was diagnosed four starts ago.
Said Sandberg, "He's just a battler and gets after it."
Tanner Roark (2 - 1) had the poorest start of his two - year career, allowing seven runs on seven hits in four - plus innings.
The runs and innings were career-worsts for Roark, who was making his 11th major league start.
Howard started the trouble for Roark by hitting an opposite-field, three - run homer in the first. The home run snapped Roark's scoreless streak at 18 innings.
It was the sixth homer of the season for Howard, who is starting to find his swing after combining for just 151 games over the last two seasons due to injuries.
Said Howard, "It's still kind of a game of catch-up for me. Just trying to take it day by day, continue to try to progress and take it as it comes."
Asche connected for a solo shot in the second to make it 4 - 0. Carlos Ruiz's RBI double in the fourth and Byrd's two - run single in the fifth gave Philadelphia a 7 - 0 cushion.
LaRoche homered in the sixth. He continued to have success off Burnett, raising his average to.400 (10 - for - 25) with two homers and six RBIs against the right-hander.
LaRoche, who has been slowed by a quadriceps injury, was lifted after hitting the homer.
Walters, pinch-hitting in the seventh, homered off Mario Hollands with two outs. 7 - 2. All three of the rookie's hits this season are homers.
But the Nationals, who have come back in nine of their 17 wins, couldn't get any closer.