The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 109 - 94, at Barclays Center on Sunday afternoon. The Bucks (29 - 23) came into Sunday's game sporting a clear advantage on paper, and they appeared seemingly ready to validate it by taking a 36 - 22 first - quarter lead. Their edge had grown to 62 - 41 by intermission, a margin that strongly hinted at a runaway road win. However, the Nets (19 - 35) came out of the halftime locker room playing with some pride, racking up 31 points in the third period while limiting their visitors to 21. That brief surge ultimately wasn't enough, though, as Milwaukee prevented Brooklyn from narrowing their deficit beyond seven points. As has been the case with many of the Nets' opponents, the Bucks thrived on the glass, outrebounding their hosts by a sizable 54 - 36 margin. They also were sharp from the field, as evidenced by a 52 percent success rate overall, including a solid 42 percent from behind the arc. That well - balanced production helped the visitors overcome an early exit from star big man Giannis Antetokounmpo, who left the game with 7:34 remaining after hurting his right ankle. Eric Bledsoe led the way for the Bucks with 28 points on 12 - for - 20 shooting, a total he supplemented with six assists, four rebounds and one steal. John Henson followed with a massive 19 - point, 18 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks. Antetokounmpo finished with 16 points, eight rebounds, four assists and one block in 28 minutes before being sidelined. Khris Middleton matched his scoring total and added four rebounds and one assist. Jabari Parker was once again successful in his second game back, leading the second unit with 11 points, two assists, one rebound, two blocks and one steal. Tony Snell was held scoreless over 31 minutes but did pitch in three rebounds and one block. DeMarre Carroll and Caris LeVert co - led the Nets with 15 points apiece. The former also supplied three rebounds and one block, while the latter managed one assist. Jarrett Allen drew another start at center and generated 14 points and seven rebounds. Allen Crabbe poured in 11 points and also posted five boards. Spencer Dinwiddie mustered a modest nine points but dished out 10 assists and recorded three steals. Quincy Acy produced seven points, four rebounds, two assists and one steal. Joe Harris was productive off the bench as well with eight points, five rebounds and three assists. The Bucks remain in the Big Apple in anticipation of a Tuesday night battle with the New York Knicks, while the Nets remain home and await a visit from the Houston Rockets on that same evening.