ANAHEIM, Calif.--The Los Angeles Angels have displayed more power on the road this season than they have at home. So their three - homer outburst against Washington was a refreshing change for everyone in the dugout.
Erick Aybar and Vernon Wells went deep during a three - run sixth inning, Hank Conger capped a five - run eighth with a two - run shot and the Angels rallied to beat the Nationals 11 - 5 on Tuesday night.
The Angels have hit only 17 homers in Anaheim, compared to 46 away from home.
Trailing 5 - 3 after a four - run sixth by Washington, Los Angeles pulled ahead 6 - 5 in the bottom half. Aybar chased starter Jason Marquis with his fifth homer, a leadoff drive into the lower seats in the right-field corner. Torii Hunter greeted Collin Balester (1 - 1) with a single, and Wells put the Angels ahead to stay with his 10th homer.
Wells, who came in batting.205, tied a career high with four hits--the most he's had in 54 games with the Angels since coming over in a trade with Toronto.
The victory was the Angels' 11th in 16 games. It put them over the.500 mark for the first time since June 3 and kept them 1 1/2 games behind first-place Texas in the AL West.
Hisanori Takahashi (2 - 1) got one out for the victory despite allowing an unearned run. Bobby Cassevah retired Wilson Ramos on an inning-ending double play in the seventh after an intentional walk to Danny Espinosa, then pitched a perfect eighth before the Angels tacked on five more in the ninth on an RBI single by Alberto Callaspo, a two - run double by Mark Trumbo and Conger's fourth homer.
Washington is 0 - 2 under new manager Davey Johnson after winning 13 of its previous 15 games. Laynce Nix was 4 for 4 with a home run, but the Nationals committed a season-worst five errors after making just 19 in 53 games since May 1.
One reason for the sloppy play might have been the new sodding that was installed at Angel Stadium after U2 performed a pair of concerts here two weekends ago.
Marquis escaped a bases-loaded jam in the third when he got Callaspo to ground into an inning-ending double play. The Angels loaded the bases again with one out in the fifth and Trumbo hit a grounder toward the middle that shortstop Ian Desmond misplayed for an error that allowed two runs to score, giving Los Angeles a 3 - 1 lead. Trumbo was credited with one RBI on the play.
"We've been playing great baseball up to this point, and we've really been battling our tails off," he added. "So I don't think anybody in here is going to have any problem bouncing back tomorrow."
Angels starter Joel Pineiro was charged with four runs--three earned--and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings.
Marquis allowed four runs--three earned--and eight hits in five - plus innings.