SAN DIEGO--Mat Latos quickly answered any lingering questions about his health. For extra measure, the 22-year-old San Diego Padres ace ended up with a big league record.
Latos bounced back from stomach flu to strike out 10 for the third time in four starts, pitching the National League West leaders to a 2 - 1 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night.
Latos held Los Angeles to one run and four hits in seven innings. He set a big league record with his 15th straight start of five or more innings with two or fewer runs allowed. He had been tied with Greg Maddux (1993 - 94) and Mike Scott (1986) with 14.
Latos' consistency has impressed his teammates and manager Bud Black.
Latos (14 - 5) also lowered his major league-leading ERA from 2.25 to 2.21. His 10 strikeouts matched his career high, and his 113 pitches were a career high. He walked none.
Most of all, he's doing it in a pennant race.
It was the second straight win for the Padres following their 10-game losing streak. San Diego retained its one - game lead over the San Francisco Giants, who won 6 - 3 at Arizona.
Latos was scratched from his start Monday night due to stomach flu. The right-hander lobbied to pitch, but Black said he was weakened and dehydrated by the illness. San Diego reliever Tim Stauffer made an emergency start, and the Padres beat Los Angeles 4 - 2 to end their longest losing streak since a franchise-record 13-game skid in May 1994.
Said Latos: "Everything was working. Most of all, chemistry with the catcher. Me and Hundley get along. I had good control of my fastball. Whatever pitch he wanted, he set up where he wanted it, and I already had it gripped and ready to go."
Latos outdueled Clayton Kershaw, who allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings, struck out six and walked two.
Heath Bell got a five - out save, his 39th in 42 chances this year and his 26th straight. Bell struck out four, including James Loney with runners on first and second to end the eighth. The right-hander pitched a perfect ninth.
Adrian Gonzalez hit a leadoff single in the second against Kershaw (11 - 10) and scored on Aaron Cunningham's sacrifice fly. Gonzalez hit a two - out double in the third to bring in Chris Denorfia, aboard on a leadoff single.
Mike Adams started the eighth for the Padres and allowed pinch-hitter Jamey Carroll's double to right. Denorfia made a diving catch of pinch-hitter Jay Gibbons' line drive to center before Bell came on to replace Adams. Bell struck out Scott Podsednik but walked Rafael Furcal. Loney struck out to end the threat.
Bell said it was good to see the Padres playing the way they had been, with good pitching and good defense.