SEATTLE--For much of the season, the Mariners were not quite sure what to expect from Taijuan Walker.
After the hard-throwing right-hander held the Baltimore Orioles to just four hits over his 6 1/3 innings in the Mariners' 5 - 3 victory Thursday night, manager Scott Servais has a better idea.
Seth Smith had the key hit for the Mariners, a two - run home run in the fifth.
Walker (4 - 6), who was 2 - 0 in April and 0 - 5 in May, developed painful tendinitis in his right foot about a month ago. He came out of his June 19 start after five innings and had not started in 10 days.
He gave up a solo home run to Hyun Soo Kim in the seventh but that was the only runner to get past first base. He struck out five and walked none.
Walked said he felt the pain in the foot from the opening pitch "but sometimes you have to pitch through it.... I hope it goes away but for now I'll just do my routine in between starts and stay off of it as much as I can.
"It's a great team win, something we needed."
Kim's home run allowed the Orioles to set the major league record for most home runs in June with 56. The 1996 Oakland A's had the previous record of 55.
Chris Tillman (10 - 2) took the loss, ending his nine - game win streak. He lasted just 4 2/3 innings, his second-shortest outing in 17 starts this season. He gave up four runs and six hits, walking three and striking out three.
It also was Tillman's first career loss to the Mariners, who traded him to the Orioles in 2006. He is now 7 - 1 with a 3.55 ERA in 10 career starts against Seattle.
Center fielder Leonys Martin displayed his intensity and some leather with a pair of superb defensive plays. In the second, he raced straight back to the warning track, hopped up and stretched over his head to haul in a Mark Trumbo blast.
Then in the fourth, Manny Machado lined a shot off the wall in right-center, a yard short from a home run. Martin gathered it quickly and threw to shortstop Ketel Marte, who then fired to first to get Machado rounding the bag too far.
Martin started the Mariners' three - run fifth with a one - out single to left. Smith attempted to advance Martin with a bunt but popped it foul. On the next pitch, he roped his seventh home run into the right-field seats.
Dae-Ho Lee had two RBIs for the Mariners.
The Orioles rallied for two runs in the eighth as Kim and Machado each had RBI singles.
Closer Steve Cishek earned a four - out save, his 19th in 23 opportunities.