DENVER--Giancarlo Stanton's success at altitude is not surprising. Tom Koehler dominating in the same park stands out.
Stanton hit a mammoth home run, Koehler pitched seven effective innings and the Miami Marlins beat the Colorado Rockies 6 - 2 Friday on another rain-soaked night at Coors Field.
J. T. Realmuto had a career-high four hits for the Marlins, who have won three straight.
Koehler has dominated the Rockies in four starts--three in hitter-friendly Denver. He didn't allow a hit and faced the minimum Friday until Troy Tulowitzki and Carlos Gonzalez had consecutive two - out singles in the fourth.
Koehler kept throwing strikes after his teammates gave him an early lead. The Marlins scored twice in the second before Stanton made it 3 - 0 with a one - out shot to center off Eddie Butler (3 - 6).
Stanton's drive, his 18th, traveled an estimated 478 feet. He entered Friday hitting.455 in his last five games against the Rockies, and he has at least one RBI in 13 of his 15 career games at Coors Field.
Stanton singled in the fifth to help Miami tack on another run, and Realmuto had a leadoff triple to spark a two - run sixth that made it 6 - 0.
The only run Koehler (4 - 3) allowed came after second baseman Dee Gordon slipped while fielding Charlie Blackmon's grounder in the sixth. Blackmon scored on a two - out single by Tulowitzki.
Colorado loaded the bases again in the seventh, but Koehler got Blackmon to ground out to end the threat after a visit from manager Dan Jennings.
Koehler struck out six and walked one. He is 2 - 0 with a 1.93 ERA against Colorado and has pitched seven innings in every start versus the Rockies.
It was a familiar sight at Coors Field after the seventh inning when a light rain turned into a torrential downpour. The grounds crew barely got the tarp on the field before hail started to fall during a delay of 1 hour, 55 minutes.
It was the 12th time this season a game in Denver has been postponed or delayed by weather. Colorado has had a total of 14 hours, 29 minutes, of rain delays at home this season.
The Rockies scored an unearned run in the eighth off Vin Mazzaro after play resumed.