The Sacramento Kings defeated the San Antonio Spurs, 127 - 112, at Golden 1 Center on Monday evening. The Kings (28 - 25) wasted no time in this one, jumping out to a double - digit lead in the first quarter. Buddy Hield contributed nine points in the period, while rookie sensation Marvin Bagley III came in halfway through the quarter and put up seven quick points. Bagley's dominance continued into the second quarter, where he made an impact with a pair of blocked shots. His absence was felt when he returned to the bench, as San Antonio (32 - 23) briefly regained the lead at the end of the second. All-Star LaMarcus Aldridge had seven points in the final five minutes of the quarter to help close the gap. However, the Kings reopened their big lead once again in the third quarter, going on a 16 - 4 run to retake control of the game. Bagley, Hield, and star point guard De'Aaron Fox all contributed multiple baskets over the course of the run. Sacramento never gave this lead up, holding on for the duration of the game. The win made it three straight for the Kings, who now sit just 0 games back of eighth place in the Western Conference standings. Sacramento's young core was superb in Monday's win, with Bagley scoring a team - high 24 points off the bench. The rookie big man added 12 rebounds and three blocks. Fox finished the game with 20 points, six assists, and six rebounds, while Hield added another 18 points to go with eight rebounds. In total, the Kings shot a blistering 56 percent from the field and knocked down 13 three - pointers. The Spurs, meanwhile, saw 22 points from Aldridge, who was a perfect 10 - of - 10 at the free - throw line. Fellow All-Star DeMar DeRozan scored a team - high 24 points. All five Spurs starters scored in double digits in the loss. As a whole, though, the team still struggled with efficiency, shooting just 43 percent from the field overall. Next up for Sacramento is a tilt with the Rockets on Wednesday. The Spurs, meanwhile, will continue their California road trip with a visit to the Warriors at Oracle Arena this Wednesday.