SEATTLE--Doug Fister had a lot going for him.
It was the first time he faced the Baltimore Orioles, they weren't hitting that well this season and--oh yeah--the Mariners' starter is 6-foot-8 with a repertoire of pitches that look hittable right up until the last instant.
No surprise, then, that Fister took a no-hitter into the seventh inning, befuddling the Orioles while Seattle romped to an 8 - 2 win Monday night.
Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run single in the Mariners' 7-run third inning and Casey Kotchman hit a two - run home run in the third and a RBI double in the seventh.
Jack Wilson had three hits, including a pair of doubles.
After a two - out walk in the first, Fister (2 - 1) retired the next 16 batters in a row before Nick Markakis opened the seventh with a clean single to center.
Fister finished with three hits and one run in his seven innings. He walked one and struck out three.
Ty Wigginton hit his fifth home run, a solo shot in the ninth, for the Orioles, hitting.229 as a team after tying a season low with five hits.
"It's good being tall."
Fister, in just his 13th big-league appearance, was coming off one of his best outings, a three - hit, eight - inning effort Tuesday, a 3 - 0 victory over Oakland.
Solid defense, including a nifty cover play at first by Fister in the sixth, kept his no-hit bid going.
Cesar Izturis bounced a grounder into the right-side hole to open the sixth. Figgins managed to snag it, spun completely around and threw an accurate one - hopper to Fister covering first. With a long first baseman-like stretch, Fister hung onto it.
One inning later, Markakis spoiled it.
Orioles starter Brad Bergesen (0 - 2) lasted only 2 2/3 innings. He was charged with six hits, seven runs, though only four were earned, and walked three without a strikeout.
Wilson's one - out double began a string of eight straight batters reaching base in the Mariners' third. Ichiro Suzuki and Figgins walked followed by Franklin Gutierrez's RBI single to left, scoring Wilson. Jose Lopez reached on third baseman Wigginton's error, allowing Suzuki to score.
Griffey followed with his two - run single through the right side, scoring Figgins and Gutierrez. Milton Bradley launched a RBI double into the left-center gap, but Griffey was thrown out on the relay home. Kotchman finished the rally with a homer into the right-field seats.
It was the most prolific inning for the Mariners since a 7-run seventh on April 15 last season against the Los Angeles Angels.
Baltimore has the worst record in the majors at 2 - 12 and it was the seventh time in 14 games that the Birds have scored two runs or fewer.
Markakis has reached base safely in all 14 games this season.
Gutierrez was removed as a precaution in the eighth inning with tightness in his groin. He will be re-evaluated Tuesday.