ARLINGTON, Texas--Josh Hamilton and the Texas Rangers were devastated Thursday night after a fan fell from the stands trying to grab a ball tossed by the All-Star center fielder and later died.
A man attending the game with his young son fell about 20 feet to the ground, the Rangers and Arlington fire officials said.
The accident occurred in the second inning after Oakland's Conor Jackson hit a foul ball that ricocheted into left field. Hamilton retrieved the ball and tossed it into the stands. Replays on Oakland's television broadcast show the man reaching for the ball and apparently catching it before tumbling over the rail.
The Rangers clubhouse was closed to reporters after the game.
Hamilton, the reigning AL MVP, drove in four runs and was selected earlier this week to start his fourth consecutive All-Star Game next week. Washington said he would wait before determining if Hamilton would play against the A's on Friday night.
A very somber Ryan called it a tragic accident.
TV replays showed the man, whom the Rangers and fire officials didn't identify, falling headfirst and landing behind a 14-foot-high wall supporting a video board for replays and scores. The area where he fell is out of sight from the field.
The visitor's bullpen at the stadium is in left-center field. Athletics reliever Brad Ziegler was in tears after the game when he found out the man had died.
There was an audible gasp in the stands when the man tumbled over the rail, eerily similar to an accident last July when a man fell about 30 feet from the second-deck of seats down the right-field line while trying to catch a foul ball. That fan, Tyler Morris, suffered a fractured skull and sprained ankle.
It is the second fatal fall at a MLB ballpark this season. In May, a 27-year-old man died after he fell about 20 feet and struck his head on concrete during a Colorado Rockies game.
Derek Holland (7 - 4) rebounded from his shortest outing ever with a four - hitter for his third career shutout. He struck out seven and walked two while allowing only four singles. The left-hander had allowed five runs and four hits while getting only two outs in his previous start Saturday night against Florida.
Hamilton drove in a run in each of his first four at-bats, putting Texas ahead to stay with an RBI groundout in the first. The outfielder added a run-scoring single in the third before two sacrifice fly balls after that.
This was the makeup of a May 11 game that was rained out after Texas built a 7 - 0 lead through four innings.
Rich Harden (1 - 1) gave up five runs and eight hits over five innings in his second start of the season for the A's.
Before the Rangers batted in the second, manager Washington spoke briefly with one of the umpires. Michael Young, who was leading off the inning, could be seen talking to A's catcher Kurt Suzuki and pointing toward the area where the previous accident happened.
Holland struck out four of the first six batters he faced, getting all three outs in the first on strikes.
After Suzuki's single in the fifth, Holland retired 10 consecutive batters without a ball leaving the infield before giving up a pair of singles and a walk in the ninth.
It was the 10th time this season that Oakland was held scoreless.
Holland threw a five - hit shutout at Cleveland on June 4. He was 1 - 3 in his five starts since then until Thursday night.
Mitch Moreland had a grand slam wiped out when the May 11 game was rained out and none of the stats counted.
Moreland had a double and a single in the makeup. He led off the Texas fourth with his double and scored on a single by Mike Napoli that made it 3 - 0.