TORONTO--Another late clutch hit from Yoenis Cespedes brought an end to Boston's lengthy losing streak.
Cespedes singled home the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and the Red Sox survived a ninth-inning collapse to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Monday night, snapping their slide at eight games.
After the Blue Jays' ninth-inning comeback, Brock Holt and Yoenis Cespedes cranked into action in the 10th to lead the Red Sox to a much-needed win, Mark Polishuk writes.
Cespedes has 19 RBIs in 22 games since being traded to Boston on July 31. Seven of those 19 RBIs have given the Red Sox a lead.
Brock Holt hit a one - out single off Aaron Sanchez (2 - 1) in the 10th and stole second as Dustin Pedroia struck out, with the steal confirmed by video review. Holt stole third before Cespedes drove him in with a single up the middle.
Boston won for the first time since August 16 against Houston and snapped a six - game skid against the stumbling Blue Jays, who dropped to 6 - 15 in August.
Koji Uehara (6 - 4) got the win despite blowing his fourth save in 30 chances, and Craig Breslow finished for his first save in two chances.
Toronto managed just two singles against Red Sox starter Clay Buchholz through the first eight innings, but rallied in the ninth after Jose Reyes and Melky Cabrera delivered back-to-back hits and Jose Bautista walked to load the bases.
Uehara came on and got Adam Lind to ground into a fielder's choice as Reyes scored. Edwin Encarnacion followed with a two - run double beyond the reach of a leaping Cespedes in left, tying it at 3 - 3.
Mookie Betts hit a one - out drive into the second deck in the fifth, his first homer since July 2. Two batters later, Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run shot, his first since August 3.
It was Boston's first multihomer inning since July 21, also at Toronto, when they hit two in the fifth inning of a 14 - 1 rout. The Red Sox have hit 12 home runs at Rogers Centre this season, their highest total at any road stadium.
Both homers came off Blue Jays left-hander J. A. Happ, who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings.