SEATTLE--It didn't matter the Chicago Cubs nearly blew a six - run lead against the Seattle Mariners on Sunday.
As far as starting pitcher Edwin Jackson is concerned, the only important part was that the Cubs hung on for a 7 - 6 victory.
Chicago led 7 - 1 after four innings. The Mariners comeback started against Jackson (4 - 10), who pitched into the seventh inning, allowing three runs and seven hits and striking out six. But it really got going once the game was turned over to the Cubs' bullpen, which has blown 16 save chances this season and gave up three runs in the eighth against Seattle.
It was jokingly suggested to Sveum the Cubs might prefer only playing seven innings to cut out the late-inning issues with the bullpen.
The Cubs tied a season high by hitting six doubles, including two each by Alfonso Soriano and Darwin Barney. Anthony Rizzo drove in two runs for Chicago, which took two out of three in the series against Seattle.
Kevin Gregg pitched a hitless ninth for his 13th save, a day after blowing his first save chance of the season.
Seattle starter Jeremy Bonderman (1 - 2) was chased after giving up six runs--four earned--and six hits in 3 1/3 innings. It was his shortest start since going 2 1/3 innings on July 29, 2007 with Detroit.
The loss was the first for Bonderman since being called up June 2 and making his first major league appearance since 2010. That time out, he gave up seven runs in 4 2/3 innings, but since he had been on a roll, giving up a total of four runs in the four starts before Sunday.
Bonderman's trouble against the Cubs started in the second inning when the Cubs doubled four times, leading to three runs. Soriano and Rizzo led off the inning with doubles, and with one out Brian Bogusevic and Barney hit consecutive RBI doubles.
In the fourth, Barney led off with another double and scored when Wellington Castillo's grounder to third went through Kyle Seager's legs for a two - base error. Starlin Castro's run-scoring single marked the end for Bonderman.
Reliever Blake Beavan gave up an RBI double to Soriano and another run on Rizzo's single as the Cubs took their 7 - 1 lead. That was the end of the offense for Chicago, which managed only one hit over the final five innings.
The Mariners' comeback got going in the fifth when Nick Franklin's single drove in a run. Bay's leadoff homer in the seventh cut the lead to 7 - 3.
Raul Ibanez led off the eighth with his 19th homer of the season against reliever Shawn Camp. Kendrys Morales singled and Seager broke an 0 - for - 19 slump with a deep home run down the right-field line to bring the Mariners within a run before reliever Hector Rondon and Gregg shut down the rally.