ARLINGTON, Texas--The Oakland Athletics kept right on rolling and delayed Bartolo Colon's latest attempt at a milestone.
Trevor Cahill ended a nine - start winless streak, Colon failed for his fourth consecutive outing to become the winningest major league pitcher born in Latin America and the A's beat the Rangers 7 - 6 on Thursday night to complete a four - game sweep and extend their winning streak to six games, matching their season high.
Matt Chapman homered, tripled twice and scored three runs for the A's, who have swept three four - game series on the road for the first time since 1928. Oakland is a majors-best 27 - 7 since June 16 and trails Seattle by one game for the AL's second wild card.
Oakland, at 61 - 43, is 18 games over.500 for the first time since Sept. 9, 2014.
During the game, four - time All-Star Cole Hamels embraced Rangers teammates and left the dugout amid reports that he was being traded to the Chicago Cubs, though the club didn't announce any deal Thursday. After the game, the left-hander's locker was empty, his nameplate above the locker gone.
Cahill (2 - 2) allowed five runs, seven hits, three walks and a hit batter in five innings. He had been 0 - 2 since beating the Chicago White Sox on April 17 and twice went on the disabled list.
Blake Treinen allowed Adrian Beltre's leadoff single in the ninth, and pinch-runner Isiah Kiner-Falefa advanced on a wild pitch. Treinen then retired Jurickson Profar, Joey Gallo and Robinson Chirinos in order for his 27th save in 31 chances.
Colon (5 - 9) allowed six runs and nine hits in seven innings, throwing a season-high 106 pitches. He has 245 wins, tied with Dennis Martinez.
Texas dropped to 42 - 62 and is 20 games under.500 for the first time since finishing 2014 at 67 - 95.
The game was tied at 3 in the fourth when Dustin Fowler and Martini hit consecutive RBI triples, and Marcus Semien followed with a run-scoring single.
Profar hit a two - run triple in the fifth, and Jonathan Lucroy's sacrifice fly in the eighth boosted the lead to 7 - 5. Jeurys Familia, acquired from the New York Mets last weekend, threw a run-scoring wild pitch in the bottom half.