BALTIMORE--When the Orioles and Blue Jays finally got finished running around the bases in another slugfest, Chris Tillman added another notch to his win streak and Baltimore claimed another series victory in the wild AL East.
Matt Wieters had four hits and drove in four runs, and the Orioles outlasted Toronto 11 - 6 Sunday in a duel between two of the best-hitting teams in the majors.
Baltimore amassed a season-high 19 hits against Marcus Stroman (6 - 3) and five relievers in the deciding matchup of the three - game series between division foes.
The Blue Jays have a power-packed lineup, but they couldn't keep up with the Orioles this weekend.
Jonathan Schoop homered and drove in three runs for Baltimore, and Chris Davis had three hits and scored three runs.
The Orioles were without two - time All-Star Manny Machado, who began a four - game suspension for charging the mound on June 7. The punishment ended Machado's run of 229 consecutive starts, the longest active streak in the majors.
His replacement at third base, Ryan Flaherty, had two hits and two RBI from the No. 9 spot in the batting order.
Tillman (10 - 1) allowed four runs and five hits in five laborious innings. Unbeaten since April 14, Tillman needed 99 pitches to extend his career-high win streak to nine.
Baltimore won two of three in Boston before coming home to face Toronto. By winning this series, the Orioles remain alone atop the East.
Troy Tulowitzki and Devon Travis homered for the Blue Jays, who have dropped two in a row after winning seven of eight.
With the score knotted at 4 in the fourth, Wieters doubled and scored on a single by Schoop. Flaherty doubled in a run, and Adam Jones chased Stroman with an RBI single.
Stroman gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings in his shortest outing of the season. The right-hander is 2/3 with a 7.59 ERA over his last seven starts.
Wieters made it 8 - 4 with an RBI single in the fifth, and Schoop connected in a three - run seventh that made it 11 - 6.
Baltimore jumped to a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning when Davis hit an RBI single and Wieters followed with his seventh home run.
Toronto used two - run homers by Tulowitzki and Travis to go up 4 - 3 in the second. Activated from the disabled list Saturday, Tulowitzki hadn't gone deep since May 14.
Flaherty tied it in the bottom half with an RBI single.