CHICAGO--Stuck in a season-long slump, Addison Russell helped the World Series champions get back to the.500 mark.
Russell had a go-ahead home run for his first big contribution since an absence in the wake of a Major League Baseball investigation into domestic abuse allegations, and the Chicago Cubs stopped the Colorado Rockies' seven - game winning streak, 7 - 5 Sunday.
Russell and Kyle Schwarber had back-to-back home runs in the sixth inning. Miguel Montero and Ben Zobrist also connected, helping the Cubs even get to 31 - 31.
This was Russell's second game since missing the first two games of the series. The MLB investigation began after claims of abuse against his wife were levied in a since-deleted social media post.
Reliever Jordan Lyles (0 - 2) gave up both homers in the sixth. The NL West-leading Rockies ended their longest winning string since 2013.
Carl Edwards Jr. (2 - 0) won in relief of starter Jake Arrieta. Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth before getting his 13th save in 13 chances as the Cubs snapped a four - game losing streak.
Russell, batting just.213, put the Cubs ahead 5 - 4 with his fourth home run. Schwarber, hitting only.171, followed with a pinch-hit drive for his 11th homer.
Schwarber's towering fly to right field earned him a curtain call from the Wrigley Field fans on a 91-degree day.
Colorado rookie Antonio Senzatela labored through four innings, striking out six. He allowed four runs before getting an out in the first as Anthony Rizzo had an RBI double on a 10-pitch at-bat and Zobrist hit a three - run homer.
The Rockies responded with four runs in the fifth inning, all charged to Arrieta.
DJ LeMahieu walked with the bases loaded and, after Carlos Gonzalez was ejected arguing a called third strike, Mark Reynolds lined an RBI single to make it 4 - 2.
Edwards relieved and allowed a tying, two - run single by Ian Desmond.
Montero homered in the eighth. LeMahieu added an RBI single in the ninth before Davis got Alexi Amarista to pop out to end it. Amarista replaced Gonzalez after the ejection by umpire Marvin Hudson.