BOSTON--Jarrod Saltalamacchia was behind the plate for Clay Buchholz's seven shutout innings. Then he drove in the only run of a rainy game in the eighth.
The catcher who has been heating up after a slow start drove a run-scoring double through the mist and off the left field wall and the Boston Red Sox won their fifth straight, 1 - 0 over the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.
Both starters went seven innings. Buchholz, who won his previous three starts, struck out seven and allowed four hits and one walk. Phil Coke, who was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts, had four strikeouts and gave up three hits and a walk.
Daniel Bard (1 - 3), who replaced Buchholz to start the eighth, threw one pitch before the game was delayed for 26 minutes by rain. When play resumed, he retired the side in order.
The Tigers had plenty of chances to score. They were 0 - for - 10 with runners in scoring position and the game ended with Victor Martinez standing on third as Jonathan Papelbon struck out Ryan Raburn for his eighth save in nine opportunities.
The feeling in the Tigers bullpen about one of their relievers was less pleasant.
Ryan Perry set down the first two Red Sox batters in the bottom of the eighth. But manager Jim Leyland brought in lefty Daniel Schlereth (0 - 1) to face lefty Carl Crawford. The move backfired when Crawford walked on a full count. Leyland visited Schlereth on the mound but left him in.
Saltalamacchia pounded it off the wall on a night when the rain kept other balls from traveling far and gave outfielders trouble seeing them.
In his last nine starts, Saltalamacchia is 6 - for - 21, raising his batting average from.194 to.221.
The Tigers threatened in the ninth when Martinez, who caught for the Red Sox last year, led off with a double. He took third on a ground out before Papelbon struck out the last two batters.
Detroit lost for just the second time in nine games in a game played in a steady drizzle that got much heavier in the top of the seventh. In spite of that, the starting pitchers were outstanding.
Buchholz escaped a bases-loaded jam in the seventh, striking out Austin Jackson with his career-high 127th pitch on a full count. Jackson tried to hold up his swing and plate umpire Fieldin Culbreth checked with first base umpire Gary Cederstrom, who signaled that Jackson had swung.
Leyland agreed that Jackson swung.
Through six innings, each team managed just three hits.
For Detroit, all three were doubles--by Miguel Cabrera in the fourth, Alex Avila in the fifth and Jackson in the sixth. Jackson moved to third on a sacrifice, but Buchholz retired the next two batters.
Boston got a one - out single by Dustin Pedroia in the first and a leadoff single by Kevin Youkilis in the second, but both were out when the next batter hit into a double play. Jed Lowrie singled with two outs in the fifth and didn't move up.