CHICAGO (AP)--Brian Roberts might have been playing a lot of games at Wrigley Field instead of making a stop with the Baltimore Orioles' on their first visit to the historic ballpark.
Rampant offseason trade rumors had him on the verge of joining the Chicago Cubs--and whether they were on target or not--he showed Tuesday night why he attracted so much interest.
Roberts had three hits to reach 1,000 for his career, closer George Sherrill struck out the side after the Cubs loaded the bases in the bottom of the ninth and the Orioles ended Chicago's 14-game home-field winning streak with a 7 - 5 victory.
The Orioles led 7 - 1 before it got tense over the last few innings, especially the ninth.
Chicago loaded the bases off Sherrill on Geovany Soto's single, a walk to Mark DeRosa and Ryan Theriot's infield single before the left-hander found his strikeout pitch and got his 26th save in 29 chances.
He struck out Ronny Cedeno, Kosuke Fukudome and Henry Blanco to end the game.
Cubs manager Lou Piniella, whose team lost at home for the first time since May 17, wasn't happy with his team's final three at-bats.
Roberts had two singles and his sixth triple of the season, giving him 1,000 hits.
Roberts, for sure, heard the trade rumors. He couldn't help but do so during the offseason.
Jeremy Guthrie (4 - 7) allowed only four hits and a run over the first six innings as the Orioles took a 7 - 1 lead.
But he was driven out in the seventh when Jim Edmonds hit a three - run homer after singles by Derrek Lee and Aramis Ramirez, slicing the lead to 7 - 4. After a walk, reliever Jim Johnson got DeRosa to hit into Chicago's fourth double play of the night to douse the rally.
Ramirez hit an RBI single in the eighth and the Cubs still had two on before Sherrill relieved and got pinch-hitter Matt Murton to fly out.
Cubs' starter Sean Marshall (0 - 1)--just recalled from Triple-A--lasted only 4 2/3 innings, giving up seven hits and four runs. The Orioles went up by six with three unearned runs in the sixth off reliever Michael Wuertz.
Luke Scott hit a two - run triple, a liner that got by right fielder Fukudome in the fourth. It followed a walk and single by Ramon Hernandez.
Fukudome hit his sixth homer leading off the fourth to make it 2 - 1.
Roberts singled in the fifth and scored on Nick Markakis' RBI double. Markakis moved up on a fly ball and scored on Kevin Millar's RBI single that finished Marshall and made it 4 - 1.
Scott was initially credited with a double in the sixth when he hit a high pop that shortstop Theriot signaled was his. But when left fielder Eric Patterson called him off late, Theriot got out of his way and the ball dropped. The official scorer changed the ruling to an error on Patterson and one out later, Alex Cintron hit an RBI double.
He scored when Roberts drove one into the gap in right center for a triple. Markakis then delivered an RBI single.