HOUSTON--The Houston Astros needed someone to step up and help Lance McCullers stabilize their rotation with starters Dallas Keuchel, Charlie Morton and Joe Musgrove all on the disabled list.
That player has been Mike Fiers, who has shaken off a tough start to the season with three straight solid outings capped by Saturday's performance in a 3 - 1 win against the Los Angeles Angels.
Fiers (4 - 2) allowed a season-low two hits and one run, which was unearned, in a season-high 7 1/3 innings, to get his third straight win after managing just one win in his first nine starts.
He struck out eight in his longest start since throwing a no-hitter against the Los Angeles Dodgers on August 21, 2015.
Fiers explained what he thinks has led to his recent success.
Fiers, who was plagued by home runs as he struggled through his first nine starts, hasn't allowed any during his three - game winning streak.
Ken Giles walked one and struck out three in a scoreless ninth for his 16th save.
Brian McCann put Houston up 1 - 0 with his solo shot to right field off Ricky Nolasco (2 - 7) with one out in the second.
Nolasco plunked McCann to start Houston's fifth before Marwin Gonzalez singled on the 10th pitch of his at-bat to send McCann to third. The Astros pushed the lead to 2 - 0 on a sacrifice fly by Yuli Gurriel.
Nolasco tied a season-high by yielding eight hits with two runs in seven innings to extend his losing streak to five games, which ties a career high. The home run to McCann moved him ahead of Fiers for most homers allowed in the American League this season with 19.
Fiers didn't allow a hit until a single by Albert Pujols with two outs in the fourth inning. He walked Martin Maldonado with one out in the fifth and hit Eric Young Jr. with a pitch with two outs. But the Angels didn't have another baserunner until Ben Revere reached on an error by Carlos Correa to start the eighth.
Pinch-hitter Luis Valbuena singled with one out to chase Fiers, who was replaced by Chris Devenski. Revere and pinch-runner Danny Espinosa then pulled off a double steal before the Angels got within 1 when Revere scored on a groundout by Andrelton Simmons. But Devenski struck out Kole Calhoun to limit the damage.
Carlos Correa provided an insurance run with an RBI single with one out in the eighth.