The Chicago Bulls defeated the Orlando Magic, 90 - 82, at Amway Center on Friday evening. As their records clearly imply, the Bulls (25 - 51) and Magic (22 - 53) are simply playing out the string on a pair of non - playoff seasons, which theoretically could lead to an interesting dynamic when facing each other. Despite their unsightly marks this year, the two clubs are not devoid of talent by any means, and accordingly, much of that shined through in what was an entertaining and competitive first half befitting of two teams with much better records. Chicago did pull away in the second to establish a 13 - point halftime lead, but a lopsided third period in which Orlando outscored the visitors by a 25 - 9 margin gave them a three - point lead heading into the final period. However, to their credit, the Bulls flipped the script almost entirely in the fourth, forging a 24 - 13 edge that gave them the eight - point margin of victory. Poor shooting on the part of both squads (Bulls- 36 percent/ Magic- 33 percent) led to plenty of rebounding opportunities, and the Magic won the battle on the glass by a 55 - 53 margin. Lauri Markkanen led the way for the Bulls with 13 points, a total he supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Sean Kilpatrick matched his scoring total off the bench and also delivered four boards and two assists. Cameron Payne followed with 11 points, six assists, two rebounds and one block. Cristiano Felicio mustered eight points, 16 rebounds and one assist. Justin Holiday poured in eight points of his own and also posted one rebound, two steals and one block. Noah Vonleh followed with eight points, 11 boards, one assist, one steal and one block. Ryan Arcidiacono tallied eight points as well, along with one assist and two steals. Bobby Portis registered seven points, five rebounds and two blocks. Aaron Gordon paced the Magic with 18 points and also provided seven rebounds, one assist, one steal and one block. D.J. Augustin totaled 15 points, seven rebounds, four assists and one steal. Nikola Vucevic accounted for 12 points, 14 rebounds, three assists, two blocks and one steal. Shelvin Mack managed nine points, five rebounds, three assists and one steal. Jamel Artis went for eight points and four boards. Ricky Purvis drew the start and delivered five points, two boards, one assist and one steal. The Bulls head back home to face the Washington Wizards in an Easter Sunday battle, while the Magic pay a visit to the Hawks on Sunday evening as well.