TORONTO--CC Sabathia gave up two two - run homers to Josh Donaldson and then left the game after three innings when his right knee flared up.
The left-hander could miss his next turn in the New York Yankees' rotation.
J. A. Happ won his sixth straight decision against the Yankees, and the Blue Jays beat New York 4 - 2.
Sabathia (9 - 5) limped off the field after his knee flared up in the third and did not return. It was his shortest outing since a 2 2/3-inning stint against Toronto on July 4.
Sabathia has worn a brace on his right knee since suffering soreness late in the 2015 season. He will return to New York Wednesday for further examination.
The left-hander, who lost consecutive starts for the first time in 2017, acknowledged his knee led to control problems against the Blue Jays.
Donaldson connected twice against Sabathia, who came in with an AL-best 2.29 ERA in 10 road starts. The 2015 AL MVP, Donaldson hit a drive to right-center in the first, and hooked one down the left field line in the third. He finished 2 for 4 with four RBI.
It was the 12th multihomer game of Donaldson's career and his second this season, both coming against the Yankees.
Entering play Tuesday, Donaldson had not homered in 35 career at-bats against Sabathia, striking out more times (9) than he had hits (8).
Happ (5 - 8) allowed one run and four hits in 5 2/3 innings, improving to 6 - 0 in 10 starts against the Yankees since 2014.
Garrett Cooper drove in both Yankees runs with a single in the second and a sacrifice fly in the eighth.
New York used two walks and an infield single to load the bases with two outs in the sixth, but Dominic Leone got Cooper to fly out.
New York has scored two runs or fewer in five of its past six games.
Leone got one out, Danny Barnes pitched 2/3 of an inning and Ryan Tepera worked 1 1/3 innings before Roberto Osuna finished for his 29th save in 36 chances. Osuna had blown three of his previous five chances.
New York, which leads the AL wild card standings, has allowed the opposition to score first in nine of its past 10 games.
Yankees slugger Aaron Judge went 0 for 2 with two strikeouts. Judge has struck out in 25 consecutive games, the longest streak in Yankees history.