BALTIMORE--The Baltimore Orioles used a masterful pitching performance and an uplifting comeback to sweep a doubleheader from the skidding Tampa Bay Rays.
After Kevin Gausman and Oliver Drake combined for a 5 - 0 shutout in the opener, Matt Wieters hit two homers to help the Orioles rally from a four - run deficit in an 8 - 6 victory Saturday night that extended the Rays' losing streak to 10 games.
Adam Jones and Chris Davis also homered in the nightcap for the AL East-leading Orioles, who trailed 4 - 0 in the third inning and 6 - 3 in the fifth.
Manager Buck Showalter dreaded this day-night doubleheader, which came about from a game postponed by rain on April 9. But at the end of a very long day, he took pride in what his team accomplished.
That's how it looked early on in the nightcap, when the Rays built an imposing lead. Seeking his 10th straight win, Baltimore starter Chris Tillman gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings.
But the Orioles' comeback kept the right-hander unbeaten in 13 starts since April 14.
The comeback came at the expense of a struggling Rays pitching staff that has now yielded at least five runs in 10 consecutive games. Tampa Bay has been outscored 60 - 24 during this horrid stretch.
Rays starter Jake Odorizzi gave up five runs in five - plus innings.
The Rays led 4 - 0 in the third and were threatening to make it a blowout when Jones made a diving catch of a two - out liner to center with the bases loaded.
Wieters hit a two - run shot in the fourth, Jones connected in the fifth and Davis led off the sixth with his 17th homer to get the Orioles to 6 - 5.
Baltimore took its first lead in the seventh. Jones hit an RBI single off Erasmo Ramirez (7 - 6) and Davis greeted Xavier Cedeno with a run-scoring single.
Wieters connected again leading off the eighth.
T. J. McFarland (2 - 2) pitched two scoreless innings, Brad Brach worked the eighth and Zach Britton got three outs for his 23rd save.
The first game was dominated by Gausman (1 - 5), who allowed four hits over 7 2/3 innings to earn his first win in 13 starts since last September. The right-hander received a standing ovation from the crowd of 18,229 upon leaving the mound following his 113th pitch.
Orioles second baseman Jonathan Schoop had two hits, scored twice and backed Gausman with two outstanding defensive plays, including one in which he snagged a grounder in short center field and threw out the runner at first.
Matt Andriese (6 - 1) gave up two runs and five hits in 4 2/3 innings for Tampa Bay. The right-hander was unbeaten in 10 starts since last June 22.