SAN DIEGO--In his third big league game, Rymer Liriano showed off his raw power in one of the more impressive ways possible at Petco Park.
Liriano's first big league homer was a two - run shot that helped the San Diego Padres beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 3 Wednesday to tie their season-high with their fifth straight win. It traveled an estimated 427 feet and landed in the top deck of the Western Metal Supply Co. brick warehouse in the left-field corner.
That, he did. It was the 14th homer hit to the top balcony of the Western Metal building since Petco opened in 2004, and the eighth by a Padres player.
Said Liriano: "I feel really comfortable when I get a fastball in. I'm excited. Some people say I don't ever hit a fastball in. I feel really good right now to hit a fastball."
Abraham Almonte also homered and Jedd Gyorko tied his career-high with four hits. The Padres are 16 - 8 since the All-Star break, including winning 11 of 14. The Padres swept a series for the third time this year, all at home.
The Rockies, who have the worst record in the majors at 18 - 44, struck out 13 times against Ian Kennedy (9 - 10) and four relievers, giving them 66 in their last six games.
Liriano's shot came off left-hander Tyler Matzek (2 - 8) and gave San Diego a 3 - 1 lead. Chris Nelson was aboard on a leadoff single.
Almonte homered to left with one out in the sixth, his first since being acquired in a trade with Seattle on July 31.
Kennedy struck out eight in six innings while allowing three runs and six hits, with two walks. Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth for his seventh save in eight chances.
The Rockies tied it the score 3 - 3 in the fourth with a leadoff homer to left by DJ LeMahieu, his fourth, and an RBI double to left by Justin Morneau.
The Padres popped back ahead on Yasmani Grandal's sacrifice fly in the fifth that brought in Gyorko, who hit a leadoff double.
San Diego got a run in the bottom of the first with some help from replay. Yangervis Solarte originally was called out on a grounder to shortstop. Manager Bud Black appealed and the call was overturned, giving Solarte an infield single. He scored on Rene Rivera's one - out single.
Matzek allowed five runs and eight hits in six innings, struck out a career-high nine and walked two.
Gyorko raised his average to a season-high.199. He struggled after signing a $35 million contract extension two weeks into his second season. He later spent 44 games on the disabled list with plantar fasciitis.