The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the San Antonio Spurs, 122 - 112, at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday evening. The two teams were back at it just 48 hours after their double - overtime classic in San Antonio, and it was the winners of that contest, the Spurs (25 - 19), which looked like the more rested team to open the game. The visitors took 60 - 51 halftime lead and appeared to be on their way to a second straight defeat of the Thunder (26 - 16). However, OKC found their stride in the third quarter, erasing their deficit and building a six - point advantage heading into the final 12 minutes. The home squad then managed to hold off the Spurs during the fourth quarter to extract a measure of revenge in the form of the 10 - point win. The Thunder managed the victory despite having getting outrebounded by a 52 - 47 margin. Marco Belinelli paced the Spurs with 24 points off the bench, adding one assist. DeMar DeRozan supplied 18 points, six rebounds, four assists, one steal and one block. LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 17 points, nine rebounds, three assists and one steal. Bryn Forbes furnished 14 points, four rebounds and one steal. Davis Bertans delivered nine points, four rebounds, one assist, two steals and two blocks. Derrick White managed eight points, seven rebounds, four assists and three blocks. Russell Westbrook led the Thunder with 24 points, 10 rebounds, seven assists and two steals. Dennis Schroder went for 19 points, six assists, one rebound and four steals. Paul George provided an 18 - point, 11 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and two steals. Abdel Nader registered 15 points, two rebounds, two assist and one block. Patrick Patterson contributed 13 points, while Steven Adams and Jerami Grant pitched in matching 12 - point tallies while bringing down nine and four rebounds, respectively. The Spurs head back home to take on the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night, while the Thunder head down to Atlanta to visit the Hawks on Tuesday evening.