CHICAGO--It was a night of individual achievements for the Kansas City Royals and another step closer to a dubious distinction for the Chicago White Sox on Friday.
Royals pitcher James Shields struck out 10 and scattered four hits over seven innings for his 100th career win, and the Royals beat Chicago 6 - 1 to ensure the White Sox of their worst record since 1970.
Shields (13 - 9) gave up just one run and walked one as Chicago lost its fourth straight.
Also receiving accolades was Royals third baseman Jamey Carroll, whose fourth-inning double was the 1,000th hit of his major league career.
Carroll's teammates put a bottle of 1,000 Island salad dressing in his locker as a memento of his achievement.
The mood in the White Sox locker room was more somber.
At 62 - 98 and with two games remaining, the White Sox will finish with the second-most losses in franchise history, ahead of only the team that went 56 - 106 more than four decades ago.
The White Sox will finish last in their division for the first time since 1989 (69 - 92), and will end the season with a losing record against every team in the American League.
Billy Butler led the Royals with three hits and two RBIs, while Emilio Bonifacio drove in two runs with two hits.
The Royals' 85th win is their most since 1989 when they were 92 - 70.
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first off White Sox starter Chris Sale (11 - 14).
Bonifacio walked and stole second, moved to third on Eric Hosmer's single, and both scored on Butler's double. Butler scored on Lorenzo Cain's single.
Kansas City, which has won 21 of its last 31, made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on Carroll's milestone double and scored on Bonifacio's single.
Sale was lifted with one out in the top of the sixth. He gave up four runs and nine hits, walked one and struck out five. He also hit a batter.
Sale's replacement, Jacob Petricka, promptly gave up two runs. Alcides Escobar singled and scored on Alex Gordon's double. Gordon scored on another single by Bonifacio.
Chicago's run came on Gordon Beckham's fifth home run of the season in the sixth. The following batter, Alexei Ramirez, appeared to follow with another homer, but Gordon grabbed the ball at the fence in left field.