ANAHEIM, Calif.--The Angels weren't surprised when Baltimore manager Buck Showalter ordered intentional walks to sluggers Mike Trout and Albert Pujols with a runner at second and two out in the bottom of the 11th.
After all, this was the same Showalter who, as manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, once intentionally passed Barry Bonds with the bases loaded.
David Murphy was next. He singled home the winner in the Angels' 5 - 4 victory over the Orioles on Sunday.
Murphy saw the situation unfold and figured the Orioles would walk two of the majors' best hitters.
Carlos Perez led off the inning with a double against Chaz Roe (2 - 2) and Johnny Giavotella bunted a third strike foul while trying to advance him.
Brian Matusz came in to face Calhoun and slipped a called third strike past him, then walked Trout and Pujols. But Murphy drove a 3 - 2 pitch over the head of left fielder David Lough to end it.
Showalter, who last season won his third manager of the year award, defended his decision to walk the bases loaded and no room for error.
Rookie Trevor Gott (3 - 0) pitched two innings for the victory.
Jered Weaver allowed two runs and four hits over five innings in his first start after seven weeks on the disabled list, striking out seven and walking none. The three - time All-Star hadn't pitched for the Angels since June 20 because of inflammation in his left hip.
"Those last four innings were money. It was just nice to be able to contribute again."
Staked to a 4 - 2 lead, Weaver was one out away from qualifying for a win when he experienced some discomfort on the top of his right thumb in the fifth.
Trainer Rick Smith worked on Weaver while manager Mike Scioscia intently looked on. The 10-year veteran right-hander made it through the inning with help from third baseman Conor Gillaspie, who robbed Manny Machado of a hit with a diving stop in the hole.
Orioles right-hander Miguel Gonzalez gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings and struck out five.
Both of the Angels' home runs had to be sorted out by video review.
Giavotella led off the third with a double to right field that Parra just missed on a diving attempt. Gonzalez struck out Trout and Pujols with runners at the corners, but Murphy drove an 0 - 2 pitch just over the yellow line above the 18-foot wall in right field.
The Orioles contended that the ball was interfered with by a fan, but second base umpire Phil Cuzzi's call stood after the crew got the word from the replay officials in New York. It was Murphy's first homer for the Angels following the July 28 trade with Cleveland, and the 100th of his big league career.
Calhoun's drive with one out in the first also just made it over the wall in right-center. Cuzzi initially ruled the ball in play, and Calhoun stopped at second. The Angels challenged and it was overturned. Calhoun finished circling with bases with his 16th homer.