HOUSTON--The Cincinnati Reds were a bit worn out after their second extra-inning game in three days.
Of course, getting a win in their latest one made them feel much better.
Eugenio Suarez hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the 11th inning, and the Reds held on for a 4 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Friday night. The Reds dropped a 9 - 8 game in 13 innings at Atlanta on Wednesday.
Adam Duvall started the 11th with a single off Pat Neshek (2 - 1). He scored when the double by Suarez landed in the corner of left field, and the throw home rolled out of reach of catcher Jason Castro.
The Reds added an insurance run on a sacrifice bunt by Ramon Cabrera with one out in the inning.
The game went to extra innings after a solo homer by Houston's Carlos Correa knotted it up at 2 - 2 in the eighth.
Zack Cozart put Cincinnati up 1 - 0 with an RBI double in the fifth inning. Carlos Gomez tied it at 1-all with a run-scoring single in the sixth inning.
The Reds regained the lead when Billy Hamilton scored on a groundout by Jose Peraza in the seventh inning.
J. J. Hoover (1 - 1) allowed one hit in two scoreless innings for the win and Tony Cingrani yielded one hit in the 11th for his eighth save.
Red starter John Lamb allowed three hits and one run while fanning a season-high eight in 5 1/3 innings.
Astros starter Lance McCullers yielded eight hits and two runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings.
The Astros trailed by 2 - 1 in the eighth when Correa sent Blake Wood's first pitch to left-center field for a homer to tie it. It was the first home run Wood had allowed since Casey Kotchman connected off him on Aug. 8, 2011, snapping the longest active homerless streak in the majors. It had been 58 games and 63 2/3 innings since he had allowed a long ball.
A walk by Colby Rasmus loaded the bases and chased Lamb with one out in the sixth. He was replaced by JC Ramirez, who was greeted with the RBI single by Gomez that tied it at 1-all.
Peraza got on with a bunt single and scored on Cozart's double to right field to make it 1 - 0 in the fifth. The throw home was close, but Peraza slid in behind Castro to evade the tag.