WASHINGTON--Ubaldo Jimenez's outing Tuesday night wasn't always pretty.
It was, however, memorable.
Jimenez pitched six gritty innings to earn his 100th career win and added an RBI single as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 in the rain-delayed opener of a series between teams fighting to remain in the playoff race.
The 31-year-old Jimenez (12 - 9) won his third straight decision for Baltimore, which began the night trailing three teams and six games back for the AL's second wild card.
At some point, hope stops floating. For the Washington Nationals, game No. 150 could very well be that point.
The Nationals remained 6 1 - 2 games back of the Mets, who lost to Atlanta, in the NL East. But New York's magic number to clinch the division dropped to six.
Jimenez walked five, but allowed just an unearned run on three hits while also striking out five.
Jimenez is having a bounce-back season. He's doubled his win total from 2014, a year in which he spent time on the disabled list and finished 6 - 9.
Monday's opener was postponed by rain. The teams are scheduled to play a makeup game Thursday.
Darren O'Day pitched the ninth inning for his fourth save.
Chris Davis and Steve Pearce had RBI doubles for Baltimore.
Bryce Harper set the Nationals record for walks, getting three free passes that upped his season total to 118.
Michael Taylor had two hits for Washington, which had won seven of eight.
Gio Gonzalez (11 - 8) lasted 4 2/3 innings, allowing four runs on six hits and two walks.
He came in having allowed just three earned runs over his last three starts.
Gonzalez walked two batters with one out in the second inning and both scored.
With runners on first and third, Jimenez lined a two - out single to center to make it 1 - 0. J. J. Hardy scored on a Nolan Reimold single.
The Orioles have committed the fewest errors in the majors, but they picked up two in the fourth.
Junior Lake, filling in for Adam Jones in center, dropped a flyball for a two - base error to start the inning.
Another error, this one by Jonathan Schoop, allowed Washington to score, but the Orioles then turned a sparkling 2 - 5 - 5 double play (aided by a replay review) with Schoop covering first to end the threat.
The Orioles bumped it to 4 - 1 in the fifth.