CINCINNATI--Brandon Phillips felt Cincinnati's fans were a bit premature in their booing, so he took it upon himself to turn the jeers into cheers.
The second baseman homered and had a season-high five RBIs, then scored the go-ahead run in the seventh inning on Todd Frazier's single to help the Reds rally from a six - run deficit in a 7 - 6 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Thursday.
Arizona led 6 - 3 with one out in the seventh when reliever Bryan Shaw (1 - 4) walked pinch-hitter Xavier Paul and leadoff batter Drew Stubbs. Wilson Valdez's grounder skipped under the glove of first baseman Paul Goldschmidt for a run-scoring error, setting up Phillips' tying two - run double to left-center field.
Phillips moved to third on Jay Bruce's groundout to Goldschmidt off reliever Mike Zagurski and scored on Frazier's single to left off Brad Ziegler.
Alfredo Simon (2 - 1) allowed one hit in 1 2/3 innings for the win. Logan Ondrusek and Sean Marshall combined to pitch a scoreless eighth, and Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 15th save as the Reds salvaged a split of the four - game series and moved a half-game ahead of idle Pittsburgh in the NL Central.
The Reds improved to 2 - 2 in their first four games without All-Star first baseman Joey Votto, who underwent arthroscopic surgery Tuesday to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee. They also have 22 come-from-behind wins.
Phillips, who usually bats fourth, finally got going in Votto's normal No. 3 spot. He was a combined 3 - for - 11 with one RBI in the first three games since manager Dusty Baker moved him up a notch.
The Diamondbacks scored in the first inning for the third time in the four - game series. Willie Bloomquist led off the game with a single to right field, stole second as Aaron Hill was striking out and scored on Goldschmidt's two - out single to center.
They made it 2 - 0 in the third on Bloomquist's leadoff double to right field and Hill's RBI single to right, which extended his hitting streak to 10 games.
Hill added his 13th homer of the season, a 395-foot solo shot into the left field seats, with one out in the fifth. The Diamondbacks added three in the sixth, including Henry Blanco's two - run homer, his first since Sept. 28, against the Dodgers.
Stubbs and Valdez led off the sixth with singles before Phillips crushed a 1 - 1 pitch 428 feet into the second deck in left field for his 11th homer of the season.
Arizona starter Joe Saunders allowed one hit in five innings before wilting in the sixth. The left-hander allowed four hits and three runs with three walks and five strikeouts in six innings.
Cincinnati starter Mike Leake tied his career high by allowing 11 hits and a season-high six runs before being lifted with one out in the sixth inning. Leake finished with two strikeouts and a walk.