The Detroit Pistons defeated the Indiana Pacers, 114 - 97, at Little Caesars Arena on Wednesday evening. The Pistons (8 - 3) fell behind early, as the Pacers (5 - 7) put together an impressive 30 - point first quarter. However, the light went on for the home squad after that point, as they came back with a second - quarter surge that led to a 59 - 52 halftime advantage. Detroit never looked back, holding serve in the third quarter before pulling away in the final 12 minutes. The Pistons gained a considerable advantage on the glass, as they outrebounded Indiana by a 50 - 38 margin. Andre Drummond was responsible for a significant chunk, as he brought down a game - high 21 boards and complemented them with 14 points, four assists and one block. Detroit also had the hot hand all night, shooting 52 percent from the field, including 44 percent from three - point range. Victor Oladipo led the way for the Pacers with 21 points, a total he supplemented with three rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Al Jefferson followed with a bench - leading 19 points and added six rebounds, two assists and one steal. Thaddeus Young contributed 16 points, six rebounds, three assists and one steal. Bojan Bogdanovic generated 12 points and seven rebounds. Myles Turner had a quiet game down low, supplying a modest eight points, six rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Cory Joseph was productive on the second unit as well, compiling 11 points, six assists, three rebounds and one block. Tobias Harris paced the Pistons with 23 points, eight rebounds, one assist and one steal. Reggie Jackson registered 18 points, six assists and three rebounds. Avery Bradley mustered 14 points, three rebounds, one steal and one block. Langston Galloway led the reserves with 12 points, a total he supplemented with three boards. Ish Smith pitched in 10 points, five assists, three rebounds and one block in 21 minutes. The Pacers next head to the Windy City for a Friday night showdown with the Chicago Bulls, while the Pistons remain home to tangle with the Atlanta Hawks on Friday evening as well.