LOS ANGELES--Dan Haren pitched a lot better than he bunted, which was fortuitous for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Haren overcame a leadoff homer by Curtis Granderson and a pair of failed sacrifice bunts to help the NL West leaders beat the error-prone New York Mets 6 - 2 on Friday night.
Granderson drove Haren's third pitch into the Mets bullpen in right field for his 28th career leadoff homer and fourth this season--the most by a Mets player since Jose Reyes had four in 2008.
The right-hander allowed only two singles after that.
Haren (11 - 10) struck out six and walked none over seven innings, helping the Dodgers maintain their 3 1 - 2 game lead over San Francisco. The victory was his third in four starts after going 0 - 5 with a 10.03 ERA in his previous five outings.
Jonathon Niese (7 - 9) allowed five runs--two earned--eight hits, and three walks in 6 2/3 innings. The unearned runs were the result of a throwing error by shortstop Wilmer Flores on a routine grounder by Adrian Gonzalez.
The Mets tied a season high with four errors, including a dropped foul pop by first baseman Lucas Duda.
The Dodgers got their first two batters on in the third inning before Haren bunted into a double play started by Niese. But Dee Gordon slapped an opposite-field RBI single inside third to tie it 1 - 1.
Haren came up again in the fifth with runners at the corners and tried a suicide squeeze. He bunted through an 0 - 1 pitch, and Justin Turner was erased in a rundown at third, but Haren then singled to drive in Erisbel Arruebarrena and give Los Angeles a 2 - 1 lead.
"I put a pretty good at-bat together and got us the lead there, and I felt good about that. I was still frustrated that I left J. T. out there hanging."
Gordon hit his major league-leading 11th triple with two out in the seventh and scored on Flores' second error of the game. Carlos Torres relieved Niese, and Matt Kemp greeted him with a two - run double to make it 5 - 1.
Until then, Mets relievers had stranded 132 of 166 inherited runners (79.5 percent), the best in the majors.