ANAHEIM, Calif.--Aaron Laffey and the Cleveland Indians watched another game and another star slip away.
Hours after trading Cliff Lee, the Indians lost to the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 3 on Wednesday. Howie Kendrick homered and drove in a career-high five runs, and John Lackey easily outpitched Laffey.
For the second straight season, Cleveland traded the reigning AL Cy Young winner before the non-waiver deal deadline. They sent Lee and outfielder Ben Francisco to Philadelphia for four minor leaguers, a year after moving CC Sabathia to Milwaukee.
Lee, who was scheduled to start on Saturday at Detroit, is 7 - 9 with a 3.14 ERA.
Lackey (7 - 4) held the Indians to a run and three hits in seven innings with eight strikeouts and four walks. The right-hander, who started the season on the disabled list because of a strained right forearm, is 4 - 0 with a 1.47 ERA over his last four starts.
Laffey (4 - 3) gave up seven runs and seven hits in four - plus innings. He and Lackey faced each other once before, on July 23, 2008, when Laffey lost a 14 - 11 decision in Anaheim.
Kendrick singled home a run in the first, added a two - run single off reliever Chris Perez in the fifth and capped his day with a two - run homer in the seventh off rookie left-hander Tony Sipp.
In 17 games since his return from a three - week demotion to Triple-A Salt Lake, Kendrick is batting.383 (23 - for - 60) with 14 RBIs.
The AL West-leading Angels reached the 100-game mark with a 60 - 40 record, one win shy of last season at this stage. They have played better than.500 ball during the first 100 games in each of Scioscia's 10 seasons as manager, reaching the 60-win plateau three times.
Laffey needed an astounding 43 pitches to get out of a two - run first in which catcher Kelly Shoppach committed two passed balls--one of which allowed Chone Figgins to reach base on a strikeout. Kendry Morales and Kendrick hit RBI singles.
Lee will be replaced in the rotation by right-hander Fausto Carmona, who has pitched at least seven innings in each of his last two starts for Triple-A Columbus. He is 3 - 3 with a 3.73 ERA in seven minor league starts since being sent down on June 5. Whether Carmona goes Friday or Saturday has yet to be determined, Wedge said.