ST. LOUIS (AP)--Kyle Lohse brought his best for the team that failed to re-sign him over the winter.
Lohse pitched a season-high eight innings of four - hit ball and Adam Kennedy hit a two - run home run, helping the St. Louis Cardinals rebound from their worst loss at 3-year-old Busch Stadium with a 3 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday.
Lohse (8 - 2) was hurt only by Pat Burrell's two - run homer in the fourth in an outing that took pressure off a bullpen that pitched 5 2/3 innings in a 20 - 2 loss on Friday night.
The Cardinals activated closer Jason Isringhausen and recalled right-hander Anthony Reyes earlier in the day due to the arms shortage, but Lohse minimized concerns when he entered the eighth with a 101-pitch count and then worked a 1 - 2 - 2 inning against the top of the Phillies' order.
Stand-in closer Ryan Franklin needed four pitches to get three outs for his ninth save in 12 chances. Right fielder Ryan Ludwick made a diving catch to rob Geoff Jenkins to end the game and raised his glove in triumph to sell the play, although replays appeared to indicate he had trapped the ball.
After watching a replay, Phillies manager Charlie Manuel maintained that the call had been blown.
Franklin was among the relievers who got smacked around Friday night, allowing two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning. This time: "Short and sweet."
Losing pitcher Adam Eaton (2 - 4) got two of the four hits off Lohse. Eaton allowed three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings.
The Cardinals beat the Phillies for only the third time in 11 meetings at 3-year-old Busch Stadium. Philadelphia had been averaging 7.5 runs in its previous 22 games against St. Louis.
The Phillies offered Lohse a three - year contract for around $21 million after he helped them make the playoffs last fall but he held out for a better deal before settling for a one - year, $4.25 million free agent deal with the Cardinals in mid-March. He won his fifth straight start and benefited from outstanding plays from shortstop Cesar Izturis, Kennedy at second and third baseman Troy Glaus.
Izturis robbed Pedro Feliz on a hard grounder in the hole in the fourth, Kennedy made a nice play on Ryan Howard's smash up the middle to start the sixth and Glaus made a great play on Burrell's shot down the line in the next at-bat.
Skip Schumaker and Kennedy, the top two hitters in the order, combined for four hits and scored three runs. Kennedy hit his first homer of the season off Eaton (2 - 4) after Schumaker's leadoff single in the first, and Ryan Ludwick's two - out RBI hit made it 3 - 0 in the third.
Kennedy bunted foul for the first strike before connecting on a 1 - 2 pitch.
Burrell hit his 18th homer, and second in two days, in the fourth after Howard's leadoff single. Lohse retired 12 of the next 13 batters.