TORONTO--Don't be surprised if all the Baltimore Orioles are soon swinging the same style of bat used by rookie Trey Mancini.
Mancini hit two home runs, Dylan Bundy pitched six shutout innings and the Orioles beat the struggling Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Sunday.
Mancini connected twice for the second time in three games. He also hit two homers in a win at Boston on Wednesday. In this one, he hit a three - run blast off Ryan Tepera in the sixth, then added a solo drive off Matt Dermody in the eighth.
Mancini, who finished 3 for 5 with four RBI, matched the major league record for home runs in the first 12 games of a career with seven, joining Trevor Story and Dino Restelli. He hit three homers in five games last September.
Using bats borrowed from Mancini's locker--he uses a Louisville Slugger C243--Manny Machado and Craig Gentry also homered for Baltimore. They each hit a two - run shot off Dermody as the Orioles piled on late against their slumping AL East foes.
Orioles manager Buck Showalter was both amused and amazed at the productive bat-sharing.
Toronto lost for the eighth time in nine games and dropped to 2 - 10 overall. The Blue Jays have scored 34 total runs, the fewest in the majors.
Toronto lost left-hander J. A. Happ (0 - 3) to a sore elbow in the fifth inning, another blow to a suddenly thin starting rotation.
Happ will undergo an MRI on Monday, an off day.
Before the game, the Blue Jays put right-hander Aaron Sanchez on the 10-day disabled list with a blister on his middle finger. Gibbons said Sanchez is scheduled to visit a hand specialist in Kansas City.
Gibbons and trainer George Poulis came to the mound when Happ appeared to be in pain after throwing a first-pitch fastball to Orioles outfielder Adam Jones. Following a brief conversation, Happ walked off the mound and into the clubhouse. He allowed one run and four hits in 4 1/3 innings.
After Happ left, Jones greeted reliever Joe Biagini with an RBI single.
Bundy (2 - 1) gave up five hits and struck out six. He is 2 - 0 with a 0.69 ERA in two starts against the Blue Jays.
Jones stayed in the game after crashing into the outfield wall in the eighth. He went down in pain after his right knee struck the scoreboard in right center on Justin Smoak's triple.