BALTIMORE--Dustin McGowan has endured injuries and operations, long stints on the disabled list and countless rehab assignments to keep his baseball career afloat.
It all paid off Friday night, when the Toronto right-hander earned his first victory since 2008 with an effective and emotional effort at Baltimore.
McGowan allowed five hits over 6 1/3 innings, and the Blue Jays used two unearned runs to beat Chris Tillman and the Orioles 2 - 0.
Making his second start since September 2011, McGowan (1 - 1) walked one, hit two batters and struck out two. He had faced the Orioles 13 times previously--going 0 - 3 with a 6.99 ERA and allowing 50 hits in 37 1/3 innings.
McGowan spent time on the disabled list in each of the last six seasons. He had shoulder surgery in 2008 and 2010 and missed the entire 2012 season. In his debut this year, he didn't make it out of the third inning in a loss to the New York Yankees.
Against Baltimore, however, McGowan allowed only one runner past second base.
The 32-year-old McGowan couldn't have been much happier.
After McGowan left, Brett Cecil got five straight outs and Sergio Santos worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save.
It all added up to McGowan's first win since June 22, 2008.
Tillman (1 - 1) allowed three hits over eight innings, lowering his ERA to 0.84. But the right-hander received no offensive support from his teammates, who were coming off a three - game series against the Yankees in which they collected 40 hits.
Two throwing errors by third baseman Jonathan Schoop provided Toronto with a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth. Jose Bautista reached on Schoop's first errant toss and came around to score on the rookie's second misfire. Dioner Navarro followed with a potential double-play grounder, but the relay to first base from shortstop Ryan Flaherty skipped past Tillman, allowing another run to score.
Schoop made no excuses.
In the fifth, Baltimore hit three straight two - out singles to load the bases for cleanup hitter Adam Jones, who flied out to center.
McGowan had a lot to do with it.