DETROIT--Terry Francona did something Sunday at Comerica Park that he rarely gets to do. He relaxed while sitting in the visiting manager's office.
The Cleveland Indians had just beaten the Tigers 9 - 3, winning their ninth straight game and improving to 9 - 0 against Detroit this season.
The Indians roughed up a pitcher Francona has great respect for--Justin Verlander. They homered four times off him in a six - run fifth inning to take control of the game.
Lonnie Chisenhall had four hits, including one of the four homers off Verlander. Juan Uribe, Tyler Naquin and Mike Napoli also went deep for the Indians.
Chisenhall was 4 for 4 with a triple and three RBI.
Mike Tomlin (9 - 1) beat Verlander for the third time this year, allowing three runs and six hits in eight innings.
Cleveland overcame three homers by former teammates, including two by Victor Martinez, to sweep Detroit for the third time this year. The Indians have outscored the Tigers 60 - 20 in nine games.
The Tigers kept their clubhouse closed for an unusually long time after the game, but manager Brad Ausmus declined to say whether he held a team meeting. Detroit trails first-place Cleveland by seven games in the AL Central.
Only once before had Verlander allowed four homers in a start--also against the Indians in 2007. According to the Elias Sports Bureau and Fox Sports Detroit, he became the first pitcher in franchise history to give up four in one inning.
Verlander (7 - 6) allowed eight runs on nine hits and two walks in 4 2/3 innings. It was the 15th time a Tigers starter gave up at least six runs this season, most in the American League and one behind San Diego.
Verlander wouldn't say whether Ausmus had talked to the team, but pointed out that it shouldn't be needed.
Ex-Indian Mike Aviles gave the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead with a third-inning homer, his first of the season. It was also the first time Detroit had led against Cleveland this year.
In the fourth, though, Michael Martinez walked, went to third on Francisco Lindor's single and scored on Verlander's wild pitch. Chisenhall made it 2 - 1 with an RBI single later in the inning.
Victor Martinez's 13th homer tied it in the fourth, but the Indians scored six times in the fifth.
Uribe and Naquin started the inning with back-to-back homers to give Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead. Napoli hit the third home run of the inning with two outs, scoring Lindor to make it 6 - 2. And after Jose Ramirez singled, Chisenhall homered to right field, chasing Verlander.
Victor Martinez homered again in the sixth to make it 8 - 3.