KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Albert Pujols, even at 36 years old, is still an RBI machine for the Los Angeles Angels.
Pujols drove in four runs, Hector Santiago won his fifth consecutive start and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Monday night.
Pujols drove in two with a bases-loaded single during a four - run first, then added RBI singles in the seventh and ninth innings. He leads the majors with 26 RBI in July, including 16 in his past eight games, and he has 76 this season despite a.254 average.
Part of that is from hitting behind Mike Trout, Yunel Escobar and Kole Calhoun, all of whom entered Monday ranked among the top 40 major leaguers in on-base percentage.
"Albert makes adjustments better than any hitter I've ever seen. There are little adjustments he makes. He knows what he's doing in the batter's box when there are guys in scoring position. Today he used the middle of the field and right field. He did a great job."
The Angels batted around in the first, which also included Daniel Nava's sacrifice fly and Carlos Perez's RBI infield single with two outs.
Santiago (9 - 4) is 5 - 0 with a 1.48 ERA in July. He held the Royals to two runs on five hits with four walks and five strikeouts.
Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the only Royals runs. It was the sixth straight game the Royals have scored four or fewer runs.
The Royals loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth but failed to score when Santiago struck out Kendrys Morales on three pitches.
Ian Kennedy (6 - 9), who did not give up a home run for the first time in 10 starts, is 0 - 3 in five starts since a victory June 26. He allowed four runs on six hits, three walks and a hit batter in five - plus innings.
The Royals did not have a baserunner against four relievers. Cam Bedrosian struck out Eric Hosmer, Morales and Perez on 13 pitches in the eighth inning. Bedrosian has not permitted a run in his past 22 games, covering 20 2/3 innings.
The Royals have lost 14 of 20 July games to fall two games below.500.