KANSAS CITY, Mo.--For Jake Westbrook and the St. Louis Cardinals, beating Kansas City was as easy as 1 - 2 - 2.
With the bases loaded and nobody out in the fourth inning of a scoreless game, Westbrook got Jeff Francoeur to pound a grounder right back to the mound. Westbrook reacted quickly and threw to catcher Yadier Molina for one out, then Molina whipped the ball to first base to complete the 1 - 2 - 2 double play, and the St. Louis Cardinals went on to shut out the Royals 3 - 0 on a bright, breezy afternoon.
Matt Holliday snapped a scoreless tie in the eighth with a two - run home run off Blake Wood, giving the Cardinals five wins in six games.
Westbrook had faced the minimum the first three innings before giving up singles to Alex Gordon and Melky Cabrera. Pitching delicately to Eric Hosmer, he walked the rookie sensation, loading the bases.
The third out was on a bang-bang play by shortstop Ryan Theriot, who made a good stop of Billy Butler's grounder and threw out the slow-running designated hitter.
Kansas City's Nate Adcock went five scoreless innings in his first major league start.
Albert Pujols singled off Tim Collins (2 - 2) with one out in the eighth and then Holliday, who came in with an NL-leading.357 average, hit Wood's 2 - 1 pitch 433 feet over the left field fence.
Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities.
The home run reminded Wood of what kind of hitter Holliday is.
The Cardinals added a run in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Theriot.
Adcock struggled early but allowed only three hits and one walk while striking out four. He was relieved starting the sixth by rookie Louis Coleman. Collins pitched one inning.
In spite of the loss, the Royals tied their team record of 11 straight games without an error.
The Cardinals had a runner at second base with less than two out in each of the first three innings but Adcock escaped each time. Theriot doubled leading off the first, Molina doubled leading off the second and Jon Jay singled with one out in the third, moved up when Pujols was hit by a pitch, but got no farther as Holliday flied out and Colby Rasmus struck out.
Gordon and Mike Aviles were each picked off first, raising to six the numbers of Royals who have either been picked off or caught stealing in the last four games. Hosmer was doubled off first on Friday night.
Gordon walked leading off the sixth but was picked off by catcher Molina and Westbrook, with a quick move, got Aviles after he singled with two out in the seventh.
Cabrera made a great catch of Allen Craig's deep drive in the second inning, running toward the wall and leaping at the last second to snare the ball and prevent Yadier Molina from scoring from second.