PHOENIX--Pittsburgh starter Joe Musgrove worked out of a couple of jams to help his team build a five - run lead over Arizona after six innings. When he opened the seventh by intentionally plunking Chris Owings, it not only put a runner on, it sparked the Diamondbacks to a massive rally.
Jake Lamb hit a tying-three run homer in the seventh inning and the Diamondbacks scored nine runs after Musgrove hit Owings to rally past the Pirates 9 - 5 on Monday night.
The Pirates led 5 - 0 behind Musgrove until the right-hander opened the seventh inning by hitting Owings on the first pitch--retaliation for Josh Harrison being plunked in the top half. Nick Ahmed followed with a run-scoring single, Daniel Descalso had another off Edgar Santana and Lamb tied it at 5-all on a three - run homer to left.
Ketel Marte singled off Kyle Crick (0 - 1) to lead off the eighth, moved to second on a walk and raced to third after a pickoff attempt at second base by catcher Elias Diaz. Marte scored when the next pitch by Crick bounded to the backstop. Descalso put Arizona up 8 - 5 with a two - run triple and scored on Dovydas Neverauskas' wild pitch.
Archie Bradley (2 - 1) worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning to set up Arizona's fourth straight win.
Musgrove was sharp early against the Diamondbacks, working out of jams in the second and sixth inning without allowing a run. His night came unraveled with the plunking of Owings. Musgrove gave up the single to Ahmed was lifted after a throwing error by third baseman David Freese put runners on first and second with no out.
Musgrove allowed three runs--two earned--on five hits with six strikeouts in six innings.
Corbin was solid his previous outing, holding the San Francisco Giants to a run on four hits in 6 1/3 innings. The left-hander wasn't as sharp against the Pirates.
He gave up an unearned run in the first inning to the Pirates on first baseman Paul Goldschmidt's fielding error and four more in the fifth on two - run hits Austin Meadows and Starling Marte had two - run hits.
Corbin allowed five runs--four earned--on six hits and struck out five in 5 1/3 innings.