OAKLAND, Calif.--Albert Pujols has been saying for about 15 years now that he will reflect on the many milestones and special home runs once his career is through, and he still hopes that is many seasons down the road.
Healthy legs powering him again at last, Pujols hit a two - run drive to make him one of four players with 10 35-homer seasons in their first 15 years, leading the Los Angeles Angels past AL ERA leader Sonny Gray and the Oakland Athletics 9 - 4 Wednesday.
He is eager to do anything to keep the Angels in the playoff mix.
Pujols had an RBI single in the first inning, then hit his 555th career homer in the second that tied Dominican Republic countryman Manny Ramirez for 14th on the all-time list. He joined Hall of Famers Willie Mays (10) and Mike Schmidt (11) and Yankees slugger Alex Rodriguez (12) to have reached 35 home runs in 10 or more years in their first 15 seasons.
Andrew Heaney (6 - 2) struck out six and didn't walk a batter in seven innings to end a six - start winless stretch. He had gone 0 - 2 since a victory against Texas on July 26.
Gray (12 - 7) lost his third straight decision, matching his career high with six earned runs allowed for the first time since exactly a year earlier on Sept. 2, 2014, at Seattle.
The All-Star righty gave up four straight singles to start the game. Gray's wild pitch scored the first of four runs in the inning.
Gray lost to the Angels for the first time in five starts this season after beginning 3 - 0.
The Angels won two in a row for the first time since a three - game winning streak Aug. 17 - 19. They also earned just their fifth victory in the last 22 road games.
David Murphy and David Freese each singled home runs in the first inning and C. J. Cron had an RBI groundout as Gray fell behind. Gray also dropped to 7 - 3 in 12 starts against the AL West this year and 19 - 8 for his career.
Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the first when the A's pulled back within 4 - 3.
Oakland has homered in a season-high nine straight games, with 12 longballs. Brett Lawrie led off the eighth with his 15th home run against reliever Joe Smith.
Billy Burns and Danny Valencia returned to the Oakland lineup after each sat Tuesday to rest their ailing bodies. Valencia hit an RBI single.