ARLINGTON, Texas--Even during a long slump when they struggled to scratch out runs, the Texas Rangers never wavered in their mindset at the plate.
That steady approach is beginning to pay dividends.
Andruw Jones homered and drove in four runs, Michael Young added a three - run double and the Rangers roughed up David Price to win their fourth in a row, beating the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 4 Saturday night.
Texas was next to last in the American League with 99 runs scored in June.
The Rangers appear to have broken out of their offensive doldrums, scoring 33 runs in their winning streak.
Texas, which came into the day tied with the Los Angeles Angels for the American League West lead, is 5 - 3 on a home stand that ends Sunday. The Rangers then visit the Angels for a three - game series starting Monday.
Nelson Cruz, who had three hits, connected for his 20th home run of the season in support of Derek Holland (2 - 5), who won for the first time as a starter. The rookie left-hander allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings.
Jones' three - run shot in the first and Young's bases-loaded double gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead against an erratic Price (2 - 3), who gave up a career-high six runs in 1 1/3 innings.
The 2007 top overall pick walked five in the shortest of his nine career starts. Price has walked 30 in 38 innings this season.
The Rays have lost three in a row, all to rookie pitchers. Toronto's Ricky Romero shut down Tampa Bay on Wednesday and Tommy Hunter earned his first career victory for the Rangers on Friday.
Tampa Bay's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the second and Dioner Navarro added a three - run shot in the fifth.
After Navarro's homer, Holland retired six of the final seven batters he faced to pick up his first victory since winning in relief May 12.
Holland made it a point to try to use some more of his pitches against the Rays.
Price walked Young and Marlon Byrd with one out in the bottom of the first.
Jones drove an 0 - 1 pitch into the Tampa Bay bullpen in left for his 10th home run of the season. He also had and RBI double in the sixth.
The Rangers loaded the bases in the second on Taylor Teagarden's double, and walks to Elvis Andrus and Ian Kinsler. Young doubled over B. J. Upton's head in right-center to drive home three.
After walking Byrd, Tampa Bay took Price out of the game for reliever Lance Cormier.
Cruz homered in the fifth, and Teagarden added an RBI single to make it 9 - 4.