CINCINNATI--John Smoltz had trouble gripping the ball Wednesday night and is hoping he still has a chance at being a postseason starter for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Smoltz gave up Laynce Nix's first career grand slam in four shaky innings as the Cardinals lost 6 - 1 to the Cincinnati Reds.
St. Louis has dropped three straight since clinching the NL Central title with a 6 - 3 win Saturday at Colorado and lost five of six overall. Smoltz (1 - 3) gave up six runs and six hits with five walks and three strikeouts.
Manager Tony La Russa was more concerned about his team's lack of offense.
Bronson Arroyo allowed one run and four hits in 8 1/3 innings, falling just short of his fourth complete game of the season. The right-hander improved to 7 - 5 with a 2.07 ERA in his last 16 starts, tying his career high with his 15th victory of the season.
Cincinnati manager Dusty Baker replaced Arroyo with Nick Masset after Mark DeRosa flied out with a runner on first, bringing Albert Pujols to the plate.
The Cardinals loaded the bases before Ryan Ludwick struck out to end the game.
Cincinnati scored twice in the second and four in the third as Smoltz struggled with his control. The gametime temperature was 59 degrees, and the right-hander had trouble gripping the ball. He tossed several out of play even before trying to pitch with them.
Balls are supposed to be rubbed with a special mud before each game, a job usually performed by the home team's clubhouse crew.
Smoltz threw 43 of his 87 pitches in the second and issued three of his five walks, including one to Drew Stubbs with the bases loaded that gave Cincinnati a 2 - 0 lead. Two more walks sandwiched around Scott Rolen's double loaded the bases before Nix's 15th homer of the season.
Smoltz, who signed with St. Louis as a free agent on Aug. 19, is 0 - 3 in six starts since winning at San Diego in his Cardinals debut on Aug. 23.
Arroyo (15 - 13) retired his first nine batters before Skip Schumaker led off the fourth with a sinking liner to left that just got under the glove of the diving Nix. After DeRosa struck out, Pujols lined an RBI single into center field.