TORONTO--Even catcher Miguel Olivo didn't know that Kevin Millwood was pitching with a sore shoulder.
Olivo hit a solo home run, Millwood won consecutive starts for the first time since May and the Seattle Mariners beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Wednesday night.
Millwood, who allowed two runs and two hits, left after five innings with stiffness in his shoulder.
Olivo had no idea his batterymate was hurting until the final out of the fifth.
Millwood set down the first 10 Toronto batters and retired his final five, but Wedge wasn't about to push him any further once he'd done enough to earn the win.
How did Millwood explain his success in the face of pain and stiffness?
Millwood (6 - 12), who entered 1 - 6 in nine career starts at Toronto, won back-to-back starts for the first time since winning three straight from May 13 - 23. The right-hander, who walked one and struck out three, has won just three of 19 starts since.
Edwin Encarnacion touched up Millwood for his 39th homer, a two - run drive into the second deck, but it wasn't enough to keep Ricky Romero from losing his 13th straight decision. The Blue Jays managed only two hits against five Mariners pitchers, with Seattle's bullpen working four hitless innings.
Shawn Kelley and Josh Kinney each worked 1 1/3 innings for Seattle, and Oliver Perez got one out. Tom Wilhelmsen earned his 26th save in 29 chances.
Romero (8 - 14) allowed three runs and eight hits in four - plus innings. Pitching on nine days' rest after giving up seven runs in one - plus inning against Tampa Bay on Sept. 2, the left-hander was unable to make the most of the extra down time. He remained winless since June 22 at Miami.
Romero struck out three and walked four, boosting his AL-leading total to 94, and matched Tom Underwood's team record of 13 straight defeats set in 1978 and 1979.
Olivo got the Mariners on the board with a drive to left in the second, his 10th. Mike Carp and Trayvon Robinson followed with singles, but Romero struck out Brendan Ryan and got Dustin Ackley to fly out.
Seattle put runners at second and third with two outs in the third, but center fielder Colby Rasmus caught Olivo's sinking liner to end the threat.
Romero wasn't so fortunate in the fourth. Ryan drew a two - out walk, moved to third on Ackley's double and both runners scored when Franklin Gutierrez singled to right, with Ackley evading catcher J. P. Arencibia's tag at the plate.
Pitching coach Bruce Walton came to the mound after Romero issued a four - pitch walk to Jesus Montero to begin the fifth. When Michael Saunders followed with a ground single to right, manager John Farrell came out and replaced Romero with former Mariners reliever Steve Delabar. Romero did not make eye contact with his manager as he handed off the ball and walked back to the dugout.
Farrell insisted Romero will start again when his turn comes up next, Tuesday at New York.
Millwood was perfect until Rasmus drew a one - out walk in the fourth. Encarnacion followed with a booming home run to left.
One out later, Adam Lind grounded a single to right, the final hit of the night for the Blue Jays.