The Washington Wizards defeated the Atlanta Hawks, 103 - 99, at Verizon Center on Wednesday evening in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference first - round playoffs. The Wizards lead the series, 3 - 2. An entertaining and hotly - contested series shifted back to the Nation's Capital, with the Wizards (3 - 2) looking to recapture the momentum they'd enjoyed in the first two games of the series. The comforts of home were just enough to help lead them to victory, with Bradley Beal leading the way with 27 points, five rebounds, one assist, three steals and three blocks. The star two - guard was only 1 - for - 9 from three - point range but 10 - for - 13 from in front of the arc, helping Washington to a 45 percent success rate from the field. The home team also took very good care of the ball, committing only six turnovers while forcing 11 from the Hawks (2 - 3). Dennis Schroder put the Atlanta offense on his shoulders and posted a game - high 29 points, which he supplemented with 11 assists, one rebound and two steals. Paul Millsap provided 21 points, 11 rebounds and two assists. Tim Hardaway, Jr. supplied 15 points and two boards. Taurean Prince registered 10 points, six rebounds, four assists and one block. Dwight Howard mustered a modest five points but also compiled 10 rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block. Kent Bazemore paced the second unit with six points, two rebounds and two assists. John Wall followed Beal with a 20 - point, 14 - assist double - double that also included six boards and one steal. Otto Porter, Jr. was next with 17 points, five rebounds, one assist, two steals and one block. Bojan Bogdanovic contributed a bench - leading 14 points and complemented them with six rebounds and one steal. Markieff Morris had eight points, five rebounds and one block, while Marcin Gortat totaled just five points but also racked up 10 rebounds, one assist and three blocks. The series shifts back to Philips Arena on Friday night for Game 6, with the Hawks needing a win to stave off elimination.