PITTSBURGH--Ivan Nova spent more than six years with the New York Yankees, fluctuating between good and not-so good as they waited for him to develop consistency to go with his occasionally top-end-of-the-rotation stuff.
It never happened and the Yankees moved on last summer, sending Nova to the Pittsburgh Pirates at the trade deadline.
Nine months after leaving New York, Nova looks like the guy the Yankees wanted all along. Nova provided his old team with a close-up look at what it's missing on Sunday, pitching four - hit ball over seven innings as the Pirates held on for a 2 - 1 victory.
Nova (2 - 2) holds no ill will over his departure, saying simply "it's business." If anything, he's found a comfort zone with the Pirates that eluded him in New York. Nova improved to 7 - 4 with a 2.76 ERA since arriving in Pittsburgh.
Nova struck out a season-high seven and walked just one. His lone mistake came on a solo home run by Jacoby Ellsbury in the seventh. He needed just 86 pitches to get 21 outs, symptomatic of the efficiency he's discovered in the National League.
New York manager Joe Girardi shook his head when asked if the Yankees had any seller's remorse over letting Nova go.
The Yankees nearly spoiled Nova's shot at redemption. They put the tying run at third in the eighth but Pittsburgh reliever Daniel Hudson struck out Starlin Castro in a nine - pitch at bat. New York loaded the bases with one out against Pirates closer Tony Watson in the ninth on a single, a walk and an error by Pittsburgh second baseman Josh Harrison. Watson struck out Aaron Hicks then forced Pete Kozma into a fielders' choice to collect his sixth save.
Andrew McCutchen reached base twice and scored on a double by Gregory Polanco off Jordan Montgomery (1 - 1). David Freese added a sacrifice fly for Pittsburgh, which won despite going just 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position.
Ellsbury's second home run of the season was New York's only extra-base hit. Montgomery struck out five and walked two in his fourth career start. The Yankees fell to 3 - 6 on the road this season.