DENVER--Manny Pina got everything he wanted out of his last-ditch swing.
Pina hit a tying two - run homer with two outs in the ninth and Travis Shaw delivered a two - out RBI single in the 10th, lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to an 11 - 10 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Friday night.
Trailing 10 - 8 and down to their last out, the Brewers rallied to tie it off closer Wade Davis, who blew a save for only the second time in 16 chances this season. Hernan Perez singled with two outs and Pina followed by driving Davis' 1 - 1 offering into the right field bleachers above the scoreboard.
Davis, whose 14 saves lead the majors, said his location was bad on the pitch Pina knocked out of the park.
Lorenzo Cain hit a one - out single in the 10th off Jake McGee (0 - 2), and pinch-hitter Tyler Saladino singled one out later. Shaw, who homered and had another RBI single earlier, then drove a solid single to center to score the decisive run and complete a comeback from six runs down.
Jeremy Jeffress (3 - 0) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win and Josh Hader got three outs for his sixth save.
Chris Iannetta and Carlos Gonzalez homered for the Rockies. Gerardo Parra added four hits and Charlie Blackmon had three, including a triple and double.
The Rockies batted around in the fourth, sending 10 men to the plate, with Iannetta leading off the inning with his fourth homer of the season. After the next two batters reached, Jacob Barnes relieved Brandon Woodruff, who was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs before the game to make the start.
The bases were loaded with two outs when Trevor Story tripled to the wall in left-center and he scored when Parra followed with a single, his third hit of the game.
The Brewers pulled within a run with a four - run sixth but Colorado went back up 10 - 8 in the bottom of the sixth when Gonzalez homered off reliever Taylor Williams.
Woodruff went three innings and allowed seven runs on nine hits. Colorado starter Chad Bettis allowed a season-high seven runs in five - plus innings.
Trailing 3 - 1, the Rockies moved in front 4 - 3 with a three - run third ignited by Blackmon's one - out RBI triple. Nolan Arenado followed with a run-scoring single and Story added a sacrifice fly.
Swinging away on a 3 - 0 pitch, Shaw connected for his eighth homer of the season in the top of the third. Milwaukee also scored runs in each of the first two innings on Ryan Braun's sacrifice fly and Orlando Arcia's RBI single.
Ian Desmond's RBI double in the second produced the Rockies' first run.