CLEVELAND--The Indians salvaged the finale of a miserable opening homestand.
Trevor Bauer won consecutive starts for the first time in his three - plus seasons in the major leagues, helping Cleveland beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 2 Wednesday to stop a four - game losing streak.
Cleveland lost its first four home games and lost three players to injuries. Left fielder Michael Brantley missed the final four games with a sore back, and catcher Yan Gomes sprained his right knee, an injury likely to sideline him for two months. Pitcher Carlos Carrasco sustained a bruised jaw after being hit in the face with a line drive Tuesday.
Bauer (2 - 0), who pitched six hitless innings against Houston in his first start this season, held the White Sox without a hit until Jose Abreu singled leading off the fourth. Chicago loaded the bases with one out, but J. B. Shuck fouled out and Geovany Soto struck out.
Making his 36th big league start, Bauer gave up two runs, four hits and four walks in six innings with eight strikeouts.
Manager Terry Francona is impressed Bauer is finally showing the consistency the Indians have been waiting to see since acquiring him from Arizona before the 2013 season.
Cody Allen walked pinch-hitter Emilio Bonifacio leading off the ninth and hit Micah Johnson with a pitch. Adam Eaton struck out trying to sacrifice, Melky Cabrera hit into a forceout and Allen struck out Abreu for his second save.
Cleveland never led while getting swept by Detroit in a three - game series and trailed throughout Tuesday's loss to the White Sox.
John Danks (0 - 2) gave up four runs--three earned--and six hits in 4 2/3 innings. Chicago had won its previous three games.
Michael Bourn's third-inning groundout gave Cleveland its first lead since last Thursday against Houston. Lonnie Chisenhall hit a two - run double in the fourth and Carlos Santana added an RBI single in the fifth.
Chicago got a pair of runs in the sixth on Alexei Ramirez's RBI groundout and Shuck's run-scoring single.