CINCINNATI (AP)--Might as well call it Berkman's Ballpark.
Lance Berkman hit his 18th homer at Great American Ball Park--the most by any visiting player--and drove in three runs Thursday, leading the Houston Astros to their fifth straight win, 5 - 3 over the Cincinnati Reds.
Berkman had a two - run homer and a run-scoring double off rookie Johnny Cueto (1 - 2), whose 96 mph fastball wasn't enough to slow the Astros' surging offense or get the Reds out of their slump.
They just can't stop Berkman from hitting homers in their own yard.
With Berkman playing his familiar role, the Astros extended their best streak in a year.
Houston hadn't won five in a row since April 16 - 20 last season. The Astros have piled up 41 runs during the five - game surge. Even right-hander Jack Cassel (1 - 0) got involved, adding a run-scoring single for his first career RBI.
Cueto, a 22-year-old right-hander facing the Astros for the first time, learned what every other Cincinnati pitcher already knew: No one causes the Reds as much heartache as Berkman.
The first baseman has more career homers (42) and RBIs (120) against the Reds than any other team. Hardly a series against Cincinnati goes by when he doesn't decide a game with a clutch hit or two.
Now Cueto knows, too.
Berkman hit a two - run homer in the first inning, his sixth of the season. Berkman's two - out, run-scoring double in the fifth made it 5 - 3. He later singled for his third hit of the game, raising his career batting average at Great American to.360.
One thing's sure: Next time he'll be more careful with Berkman.
Cassel, called up from Triple-A to make his first start of the season, gave up three runs and seven hits over five - plus innings against a lineup struggling to find its stride. Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in six chances.
The loss completed a jolting 2 - 5 homestand for the Reds, who at 9 - 14 are off to their worst start in five years. They fired general manager Wayne Krivsky on Wednesday, then lost their next two under replacement Walt Jocketty.
Cincinnati has dropped 10 of its last 13 overall, falling into last place in the NL Central.
Houston has been particularly tough on Cincinnati, winning its last six games against the Reds from the end of last season. The Astros have gone 10 - 1 at Great American over the last two seasons.
Ken Griffey Jr. had a run-scoring single off Cassel, but remained at 597 career homers. The Reds play their next nine games in San Francisco, St. Louis and Atlanta. Griffey's 200th, 300th, 400th and 500th homers came in road games.