LOS ANGELES--Dee Gordon celebrated with the Miami Marlins following a huge four - game sweep.
It'll be his last time in uniform for a while.
Gordon was given an 80-game suspension by Major League Baseball for testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs following the Marlins' 5 - 3 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Thursday night.
The announcement sucked all the euphoria out of manager Don Mattingly and the Marlins following the sweep. The team kept the doors closed to reporters for about 30 minutes after learning they'd be without the reigning National League batting champion for a few months.
Mattingly managed Gordon during his first three big league seasons in Los Angeles before he was traded to Miami in a seven - player deal in December 2014. Mattingly took over as Marlins manager prior to this season.
Miami President David Samson said the Marlins "completely support the drug prevention program in every way.
Gordon and Martin Prado drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with consecutive two - out singles in the seventh inning, and Miami got home runs from Giancarlo Stanton and J. T. Realmuto to pull within a game of.500.
Jose Fernandez (2 - 2) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings, striking out eight and walking three. The right-hander was lifted for a pinch hitter during the Marlins' pivotal three - run rally.
Dodgers first baseman Adrian Gonzalez came up with two men on base his first three times up and came up empty each time. Fernandez struck him out the first two times, then fielded a fifth-inning dribbler and tagged Gonzalez halfway up the first base line.
Kenta Maeda (3 - 1) was charged with four runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings in his fifth big league start after allowing just one run in 25 2/3 innings to begin his major league career.
The Japanese-born right-hander took a 2 - 1 lead into the seventh before Gordon chased him with his RBI single. Prado then greeted Pedro Baez with a first-pitch single, and the right-hander balked home Gordon with the Marlins' fourth run.
Stanton added his 18th homer in the eighth against Baez, and A. J. Ramos got three outs for his sixth save.
The Dodgers grabbed a 2 - 0 lead in the first with Yasmani Grandal's double over the head of center fielder Ichiro Suzuki and a run-scoring infield hit by Yasiel Puig. Maeda struck out his first two batters in the second, but Realmuto lined the next pitch to right-center for his second homer of the season.