HOUSTON--The Los Angeles Angels protested Thursday night's game against Houston and then beat the Astros anyway.
Mark Trumbo hit a two - run double in the eighth inning before Alberto Callaspo's go-ahead sacrifice fly sent the Angels to a 6 - 5 victory in a game that lasted more than four hours.
The struggling Angels snapped a four - game skid and avoided an embarrassing sweep against last-place Houston, which has a payroll that's more than $100 million lower than Los Angeles' ledger.
The game took 4 hours, 7 minutes--making it the longest nine - inning contest in the majors this season, according to STATS. It also was the longest nine - inning game in Minute Maid Park history.
Josh Hamilton and Brendan Harris homered for the Angels, who have won just three of their past 12 road games.
The Angels felt lucky to escape with a win after leaving 16 on base and going 1 - for - 13 with runners in scoring position.
The dispute came with two outs in the seventh inning when Astros reliever Wesley Wright ran onto the mound and threw several warm-up pitches before rookie manager Bo Porter raced onto the field between the mound and home plate to stop him from throwing more.
Hector Ambriz soon jogged out of the bullpen and onto the mound, and Wright headed to the dugout.
Scioscia ran onto the field and argued that Ambriz shouldn't be able to enter the game because Wright didn't face a batter. Scioscia remained on the field for several minutes while the umpires huddled and discussed the situation.
Crew chief Fieldin Culbreth wouldn't say much about the situation.
Pinch hitter Luis Jimenez was in the on-deck circle when Wright went to the mound but was replaced by Scott Cousins when Ambriz came on.
The umps eventually allowed Ambriz (0 - 2) to remain in the game. He retired Cousins to end the inning.
Scioscia lodged an official protest that he said became moot when the Angels rallied to win.
Trumbo tied it at 5 with a bases-loaded double down the right-field line with nobody out in the eighth, chasing Ambriz. He was replaced by Travis Blackley, who intentionally walked Howie Kendrick with one out before Callaspo's sacrifice fly.
Garrett Richards (2 - 3) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Ernesto Frieri got five outs for his fifth save.
Houston had runners at second and third with one out in the eighth, but the Astros came up empty after Matt Dominguez struck out and pinch hitter Carlos Pena grounded out.
Dominguez put Houston on top 5 - 3 in the sixth with a two - out, two - run single that chased starter Jason Vargas.
The left-hander, who was coming off consecutive complete games, yielded 10 hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings.
Jose Altuve added three hits for Houston to raise his average to.345, and Chris Carter and Brandon Barnes each drove in a run for the Astros. Dominguez made three errors at third base after entering the game with one all season.
Houston starter Lucas Harrell yielded four hits and two runs, but walked six in five innings.
Paul Clemens replaced Harrell to start the sixth and Harris connected on his third pitch for a homer to center that tied it 3-all.
Hamilton, who broke a 20-game home run drought with a solo shot Wednesday, opened the second inning with a drive to the bullpen in center field to make it 1 - 0.
Dominguez tied it with an RBI single in the bottom half.