CLEVELAND--Colby Lewis is doing just fine in his return to the major leagues.
Pressed into service because scheduled starter C. J. Wilson had food poisoning, Lewis tied a career high with 10 strikeouts and Nelson Cruz hit his AL-leading sixth home run Wednesday night as Texas beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 2.
A crowd of 10,071, smallest at Progressive Field since the ballpark opened in 1994, saw the Indians make two errors, leave 12 runners on base, strike out 12 times and lose their fifth in a row.
Lewis (2 - 0), until beating Seattle on Friday, had been winless in the majors since April 7, 2004. He spent the past two seasons with Hiroshima of Japan's Central League before re-signing with the Rangers in January.
The right-hander allowed two runs over 5 1/3 innings. Lewis made 37 pitches in the first inning, but got out of a bases-loaded jam and didn't allow a hit until the third. He gave up three hits and four walks overall.
Washington told Lewis on Tuesday night to be ready in case Wilson could not go.
Neftali Feliz followed three relievers and worked 1 1/3 innings for his second save.
Cruz's solo shot in the third inning made it 4 - 0 off Justin Masterson (0 - 1), on a pitch that was supposed to be a sinker, but, well, wasn't.
Cruz is the first player with six homers after eight games since Alex Rodriguez did it for the New York Yankees at the start of the 2007 season.
Michael Brantley's bases-loaded double off Dustin Nippert made it 4 - 2 in the sixth.
A fan touched the ball in foul territory down the right-field line, preventing Luis Valbuena from scoring on the play. Umpire Jim Wolf made the call and Acta argued with the crew for several minutes. Then Nippert got Asdrubal Cabrera on a groundout to end the inning.
Julio Borbon's two - run single gave Texas a 6 - 2 lead in the seventh. He came in hitting.040 (1 for 25) and had two hits to raise his average to.103.
Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the first and Elvis Andrus' two - out single made it 2 - 0 in the second.
A throwing error by Indians third baseman Jhonny Peralta led to two unearned runs in the third. On Friday, his throwing error led to three unearned runs in a 5 - 2 loss in Detroit.
Masterson got nine of the Rangers 13 strikeouts, and gave up nine hits and two earned runs without a walk in six innings.