LOS ANGELES--Apparently, the Los Angeles Dodgers just needed a little spark to right themselves.
That spark came off the bench Saturday night in the form of Chris Taylor, who drove in three runs with a home run and a triple and helped the Dodgers to a 6 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
"To come off the bench with a huge homer and then to hit a triple that clears the bases, and give (closer) Kenley (Jansen) another day, that puts us in a good spot."
Corey Seager and Chase Utley hit solo home runs as the Dodgers snapped a two - game losing streak that saw them outscored 18 - 6.
Los Angeles has won 32 of 38, and 19 of 22 at Dodger Stadium, for the best record in baseball. The Dodgers' 67 - 31 mark is their best through 98 games since the Brooklyn Dodgers were 69 - 29 in 1942.
Roberts likes what he's seeing in the Los Angeles clubhouse.
Braves manager Brian Snitker saw the same thing from the Atlanta dugout.
Taylor, who entered the game as part of a double-switch in the seventh, led off the bottom of the inning by driving an 0 - 1 pitch from Julio Teheran 400 feet into the left field bleachers, giving the Dodgers a 4 - 2 lead.
Taylor added a two - run triple off reliever Luke Jackson with two outs in the eighth for the final margin.
Hill (7 - 4) struck out eight as he held the Braves to two runs and six hits over 6 1/3 innings, winning his third decision over his last four starts.
Seager put Los Angeles ahead 1 - 0 in the first by crushing a 93 mph, 3 - 2 fastball from Teheran (7 - 8) 10 rows into the centerfield bleachers with one out in the first. The blast, Seager's 16th of the season, was measured at 433 feet.
Utley made it 2 - 0 by leading off the third with his sixth home run.
The game turned the Dodgers' way with two outs in the sixth. The score was tied 2 - 2 with Yasmani Grandal on third when Yasiel Puig hit a soft roller down the third base line.
Grandal broke for home, Teheran came off the mound to field the ball and, making the only play he could, threw from foul territory to catcher Tyler Flowers ahead of Grandal.
However, as Grandal approached the plate, he put his fists to his chin, bracing for a collision, and, as Flowers tagged him on his forearms, jarred the ball loose, giving the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead.
The Braves had tied the game 2 - 2 on Matt Kemp's RBI single with two outs in the fifth. One batter earlier, Freddie Freeman drove in Atlanta's first run with a groundout.
Kemp, Atlanta's left fielder, made the defensive play of the game to end the bottom of the fourth. The former Dodger robbed Grandal of an extra-base hit with a back-handed, head-first diving catch of a ball slicing away from him just inside the left field line.
With a single in the first inning, Nick Markakis of the Braves moved within 10 hits of 2,000.
The Dodgers' longest losing streak this year is three games, which they have reached three times.