The Washington Wizards defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder, 102 - 96, at Capital One Arena on Tuesday evening. The Wizards (28 - 22) didn't exactly get the best news to start off their day, as it was announced that star point guard John Wall will miss the next 6 - to - 8 weeks following a Wednesday procedure on his left knee. That left them significantly short - handed against an opponent with plenty of firepower in the Thunder (31 - 20), which also were coming into the contest riding an eight - game winning streak. However, the home squad came out of the gates handling adversity well, as they forged a 30 - 25 lead after one quarter. The visitors clawed back to eventually take a slim 54 - 53 advantage into intermission, and the two clubs subsequently matched each other point for point in the third. That left the final 12 minutes as the last battleground, one in which the two teams traded the lead back and forth and also found themselves knotted up on multiple occasions. The hosts finally gained some decisive separation with success from the charity stripe, as Tomas Satoransky, Otto Porter, Jr. and Markieff Morris were responsible for the final six points with a pair of free throws apiece. Both teams shot under 40 percent, but the Wizards ultimately set themselves apart by forcing the Thunder into 20 turnovers while only committing 12 of their own. Paul George paced the Thunder with 28 points and six rebounds. Carmelo Anthony provided 19 points, six boards, three assists and three blocks. Steven Adams managed a 16 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included two assists, one steal and one block. Russell Westbrook suffered through a 5 - for - 18 shooting night while generating 13 points, 10 assists, six rebounds and four steals. Jerami Grant led the bench with eight points, six boards and one block. Rookie Terrance Ferguson went scoreless over 19 minutes but hauled in four rebounds and dished out one assist. Porter led the way for the Wizards for 25 points, a total he supplemented with six boards, three assists, two steals and one block. Bradley Beal followed with 21 points, nine assists, six rebounds, two steals and one block. Morris poured in 18 points and supplemented them with six rebounds, four assists and two blocks. Marcin Gortat mustered 11 points, seven rebounds and one assist. Kelly Oubre, Jr. registered 10 points, two rebounds and two assists. Satoransky finished with four points, six assists, five rebounds, two steals and one block while drawing the start at point guard for Wall. The Thunder remain on the road and head to the Mile High City to tangle with the Denver Nuggets on Thursday evening, while the Wizards remain home and await a visit from the Toronto Raptors on that same night.