ARLINGTON, Texas--A. J. Hinch isn't getting caught up in the streaks or all the impressive things the Houston Astros are doing this season.
Their manager is just relishing each victory, and the Astros have 40 of them after winning their major league-best ninth in a row with a 6 - 5 victory over the Texas Rangers on Saturday night.
Carlos Beltran had three hits and drove in three runs, Jose Altuve capped his three - hit game with a key homer leading off the ninth and the Astros (40 - 16), with best record in the majors and best start in franchise history, are already 14 games ahead of two - time defending division champion Texas.
The Rangers are 3 - 10 since a 10-game winning streak last month that is still the longest in the majors this season--a mark the Astros have a chance to match in the series finale Sunday.
Six Astros pitchers combined for 18 strikeouts, which came only nine days after Rangers hitters matched an MLB record for a nine - inning game with 20 strikeouts against five Boston pitchers.
That included four strikeouts by second baseman Rougned Odor hitting fifth. His first three strikeouts came with runners in scoring position, and the last ended the game with a runner at first.
Beltran's seventh homer leading off the second tied the game at 1-all after the Rangers got a quick run off Lance McCullers in his first start since being named the AL pitcher of the month in May.
The Astros went ahead to stay after six straight batters reached with one out in the third, and four of them scored. Carlos Correa had a tiebreaking RBI single before Beltran's two - run single off Andrew Cashner (2 - 5).
Chris Devenski (4 - 3) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings after taking over for McCullers in the fifth. Ken Giles worked the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances even while allowing an RBI single by Adrian Beltre.
McCullers struck out eight but gave up six hits and four runs--three earned--in 4 1/3 innings. He was coming off a month of May when he was 4 - 0 with a 0.99 ERA when he allowed only four earned runs in 36 1/3 innings.