OAKLAND, Calif.--Shohei Ohtani could exhale, at last having made it through a whirlwind week and not one, but two separate debuts in the big leagues.
He got his first career hit, then three days later earned a win on the mound. Souvenir balls for each occasion.
Impressing manager Mike Scioscia with both his poise and repertoire, the two - way star from Japan won his major league pitching debut. He threw three - hit ball over six innings and led the Los Angeles Angels past the Oakland Athletics 7 - 4 on Sunday.
After being the designated hitter in the opener, he expected to be far more nervous to pitch. It didn't show.
Reaching the upper 90s (mph) with his fastball and keeping the A's guessing with a nifty splitter, Ohtani struck out six and retired 14 of his final 15 batters.
He didn't hit while pitching, as Albert Pujols was the DH and went 0 for 5.
Ohtani (1 - 0) pounded his glove following a 1 - 2 - 2 shutdown fifth. He walked one, and the only damage against him came on Matt Chapman's three - run homer in the second.
The 23-year-old righty briefly removed his cap and looked to the sky after the drive, then went back to work and blanked the A's the rest of the way.
Ohtani began the season-opening series by hitting a single on the first pitch he saw as a big leaguer, part of a 1 - for - 5 day at the plate. He capped the set by posting his first win.
Not too shabby, considering he struggled in spring training with his arm and bat. He went 0 - 1 with a 27.00 ERA in a pair of Cactus League outings and wound up pitching against minor leaguers on back fields, and also had trouble making contact with his swing.
Ohtani received ample support from the Los Angeles lineup.
Mike Trout hit a tying double in the fifth and Justin Upton followed with a go-ahead sacrifice fly. The Angels added insurance in the seventh, getting Andrelton Simmons' two - run single and an RBI single from Kole Calhoun.
Ohtani began the game with four straight outs--fanning three--before allowing consecutive singles to Matt Joyce and Stephen Piscotty that set up Chapman's first home run of 2018.
The Angels staked Ohtani to a quick 2 - 0 lead on back-to-back doubles by Luis Valbuena and Jefry Marte second against Daniel Gossett (0 - 1).
Cheers of "Ohtani!" greeted the pitcher as he prepared to throw his first pitch, a 96 mph fastball called strike to Marcus Semien. Ohtani fanned the leadoff man on four pitches and got through the first on 13 pitches, nine for strikes.
In all, Ohtani threw 92 pitches, 63 of them strikes.
Piscotty's RBI single in the ninth chased Blake Parker. Kenyan Middleton entered to close it out for his first save.
The Angels are off to their first 3 - 1 start since a 100-win season in 2008.
Gossett's day was done after four innings and 66 pitches. He allowed four runs and walked two.