ARLINGTON, Texas--Rougned Odor was double the fun for the Texas Rangers, who benefited from another replay challenge against the AL West rival Los Angeles Angels.
Odor matched a club record with three doubles, one initially ruled a foul ball in a six - run inning, and Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the Rangers' 7 - 2 victory on Saturday night.
Odor's second double was in that big third inning. After initially ruled a foul ball, Rangers manager Jeff Banister challenged the call. After a delay of about 3 1/2 minutes the replay showed the ball kicked up a small bit of chalk and Odor was awarded a double and Delino DeShields advanced from first to third.
Nomar Mazara followed with a sacrifice fly off Matt Shoemaker (1 - 4) before the next six Rangers had hits, including Moreland's third homer of the season for a 7 - 0 lead.
Banister said his replay coordinators saw the chalk, leading to the challenge.
Derek Holland (3 - 1) pitched six scoreless innings, allowing four hits with one strikeout and no walks.
The Angels were scoreless until Albert Pujols' sixth homer of the season, a solo shot with one out in the ninth.
Texas won the series opener 4 - 2 on Friday night, when a potential Angels rally was thwarted in the sixth after a successful Rangers challenge showed Pujols briefly lost contact with the bag while second baseman Odor applied a tag. Instead of runners at first and second with no outs, there was an out and the Angels failed to score before Texas got three runs in the bottom of the inning.
The Rangers, who have won four straight since a four - game losing streak, led for good Saturday after Odor led off the first with a double and scored on a two - out double by Prince Fielder.
Odor doubled in the sixth, and made it safely to third with a nifty slide even though the throw beat him there after Mazara flied out to left. While diving headfirst with the ball in third baseman Yunel Escobar's glove, Odor pulled back his right hand to avoid the tag while reaching around with his left hand to grab the bag.