BALTIMORE--Staked to an early lead by an unlikely source, James Shields had more trouble battling the elements than the Baltimore Orioles.
Shields pitched three - hit ball into the eighth inning, Brandon Guyer homered in his first big league at-bat and the Tampa Bay Rays cruised to a 6 - 2 victory Friday night.
Shields (3 - 1) gave up one run, struck out five and walked three in 7 1/3 innings, improving to 3 - 0 with a 1.12 ERA in his last five starts. Even more impressive, the right-hander coped brilliantly with a steady rain that lasted for much of the game.
Even with lightning crackling overhead, the only break in the action occurred when the grounds crew applied drying agent to the mound and a sloppy infield.
So was working with a three - run cushion.
Guyer became the first player in Tampa Bay history to homer during his first plate appearance in his major league debut. Recalled from Triple-A Durham earlier in the day, Guyer drove a 3 - 1 pitch from rookie Zach Britton (5 - 2) into the left-field seats with a runner on to make it 3 - 0 in the second inning.
That represented a week's worth of runs for Shields, who had a run-support average of 1.75 per nine innings--lowest in the AL.
Guyer was even more excited.
When he got to the dugout, Guyer found his teammates sitting stoically on the bench. After an appropriate delay, the players got up and smothered the rookie with hugs and high-fives.
Johnny Damon also connected for the Rays, who are 17 - 6 since a 1 - 8 start that included three straight losses to Baltimore to open the season.
In his previous three games against the Orioles, Shields was 0 - 3 with a 6.48 ERA. This time, he was nearly flawless--except for a sixth-inning homer by Derrek Lee.
Unlike Britton, who went 5 1/3 innings before being pulled after throwing 95 pitches. It was the shortest of his six career starts. He gave up three runs and four hits--all in the second.
Tampa Bay used three successive extra-base hits to go up 3 - 0. Doubles by Evan Longoria and B. J. Upton produced a run before Guyer connected.
In his previous six starts, Britton allowed a total of one run in the first two innings.
Shields kept the Orioles hitless until Vladimir Guerrero doubled with two outs in the fourth. Shields then struck out Luke Scott for the second time.
Lee's third homer cut the gap to 3 - 1, but Casey Kotchman hit an RBI single off Jeremy Accardo in the eighth and Damon homered with a man on against Koji Uehara in the ninth.
Baltimore used consecutive two - out doubles by Guerrero and Scott to get a run in the bottom half.
The Orioles finished with five hits.