DETROIT--Jim Leyland has managed three franchises in the postseason and won a World Series in Florida.
He's never gone into October with a pitching combination like this.
Doug Fister pitched eight strong innings as the Detroit Tigers routed Cleveland 14 - 0 Monday night, allowing him to keep pace with Justin Verlander.
Verlander and Fister, who are scheduled to start the first two games of Detroit's first-round playoff series, finished the regular season with a combined 14 - 0 record and 1.61 ERA since August 16.
Fister, who allowed three singles while striking out nine, has been even better than the Cy Young favorite in the stretch, going 7 - 0 with a 0.65 ERA in his last eight outings. Fister, one of baseball's most cerebral pitchers, isn't about to explain the streak.
Fister (11 - 13), who was picked up in a six - player deal with Seattle on July 30, has now gone 20 innings without walking a batter.
Victor Martinez, who has been to the postseason with Cleveland and Boston, thinks this might be his best chance at winning a World Series.
Ubaldo Jimenez (4 - 4), another pitcher the Tigers looked at before acquiring Fister, gave up six runs on nine hits and three walks in five innings.
Jimenez finished the year with a 2 - 3 record and a 6.35 ERA against Detroit.
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead on Ryan Raburn's RBI triple in the second, then scored three times in the third. With one out, Will Rhymes singled. Jimenez retired Don Kelly, but Dmitri Young and Miguel Cabrera singled to make it 2 - 0. Martinez walked, loading the bases, and Avila hit a two - run double.
Fister didn't allow a runner until Asdrubal Cabrera's two - out single in the fourth, and the Indians didn't get a runner into scoring position until Ezequiel Carrera reached second on a single and an error with one out in the eighth.
By that point, Martinez had given the Tigers a 5 - 0 lead with an RBI double in the fifth, and then scored Detroit's sixth run on Avila's base hit.
The Tigers put the game away with eight runs on nine hits in the eighth, highlighted by a long 3-run homer by Young, another midseason acquistion. Detroit's first seven batters of the inning got hits before Omir Santos, hitting for Avila, struck out.