SEATTLE--No matter what game plan Texas' Matt Harrison takes into his starts against Seattle, or the adjustments he decides to make, they all work when facing the Mariners.
Harrison tossed a five - hitter for his 12th victory, Adrian Beltre had three hits and two RBIs, and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 0 on Sunday afternoon.
Harrison's 12th win kept him even with Tampa Bay's David Price for the most in the American League and continued his streak against the Mariners. Harrison (12 - 4) has won eight straight starts against Seattle and is 5 - 0 all-time at Safeco Field. The eight straight wins over one team is the third longest streak in Rangers' history. Charlie Hough won 13 straight against Cleveland and nine straight against Minnesota.
It was the fourth complete-game shutout for Harrison and second this season, also tossing a five - hitter against San Francisco last month. And he did it mostly without the strikeout. Harrison fanned three, tied for his season-low.
Harrison wasn't sharp early, perhaps a hangover from his rough outing in the All-Star Game when he gave up three runs on four hits. But when Harrison made a mistake, they usually came with two outs and his defense was able to help him from giving Seattle any big innings.
Harrison found a rhythm in the later innings and set down the final seven batters he faced.
Harrison threw 114 pitches, and allowed just four singles and Brendan Ryan's two - out double in the fifth inning.
Ian Kinsler added his 10th homer of the season on the first pitch of the fifth inning off Seattle starter Hisashi Iwakuma (1 - 2), who struggled through five innings. But it was Beltre an inning earlier that gave Harrison cushion to work with as the Rangers took two of three from the Mariners to begin the second half of the season.
Craig Gentry opened the fourth inning with a single and Elvis Andrus doubled to right with one - out. Instead of taking their chances, the Mariners intentionally walked Josh Hamilton to load the bases. Beltre followed by bouncing a single through the left side of the infield to score Gentry and Andrus and the second of his three singles.
Beltre was robbed of a fourth hit when Chone Figgins jumped and pulled down his line drive in the eighth. Hamilton added an RBI groundout in the first inning, his Major League-leading 76th of the season.
Seattle was shut out for the 11th time this season--tied for most in the league with Oakland--with the only offensive highlight being rookie Jesus Montero snapping a 0 - for - 23 skid with a single in the first inning. Seattle got base runners on Harrison but could never get a clutch two - out hit. The Mariners most promising threat came in the seventh after a one - out single by Michael Saunders and walk to Figgins. But Harrison got Ryan to ground into a double play--with a nice pick by Michael Young at first base--to end the threat.