DETROIT--James Shields and Danny Duffy were too much for the Detroit Tigers' offense.
Shields allowed three hits in seven scoreless innings and was part of a combined four - hit shutout in Kansas City's 3 - 0 win over the Detroit Tigers on Friday night to give the Royals a sweep of a day-night doubleheader.
Kansas City won the first game 2 - 1 as Duffy took a no-hitter into the sixth inning and pitched a combined two - hitter.
Royals pitching held the Tigers to a run and six hits combined in the two games.
Tigers manager Jim Leyland said he isn't worried about his AL Central-leading club.
The Royals gained two games on Detroit to move within 6½ games of the Tigers.
Shields (8 - 8) won his fourth game in his past five starts. He walked four and struck out one.
The Tigers threatened against Shields in the second and third innings.
In the second, a walk to Andy Dirks and Brayan Pena's single gave Detroit runners on first and second with one out.
But Shields got both Ramon Santiago and Jose Iglesias to hit pop-ups to the shortstop to get out of the inning.
But the biggest potential rally came in the third when the right-hander walked Austin Jackson to lead off the third inning and Torii Hunter singled him to second.
But Shields retired the next three hitters, using mostly his change-up.
Miguel Cabrera was retired on weak roller to Shields between the mound and first base on which the runners moved up to second and third.
But Prince Fielder hit a short fly ball to left fielder Alex Gordon. Despite Jackson's speed, it wasn't nearly deep enough for him to score.
Shields then got Victor Martinez to line out to right to end the inning.
Luke Hochevar pitched a perfect eighth and Greg Holland worked the ninth, allowing a hit, for his 34th save. He had saves in both games of the doubleheader.
Jose Alvarez (1 - 3), called up from Triple-A Toledo to make the start, took the loss. He gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings, walking three and striking out five.
Alvarez's only big mistakes came in the third with two outs. He walked Jamey Carroll and Hosmer followed with his second home run of the day, that gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead. Hosmer blasted Alvarez's 1 - 1 change-up deep into the right-field stands for his 14th homer.
Alvarez was replaced by Jeremy Bonderman with two outs in the sixth. Bonderman got the final out of that inning and the first two outs of the seventh before being replaced by Phil Coke and Al Alburquerque.
Carroll's sacrifice fly in the seventh made it 3 - 0. It was an unearned run off Bonderman, whose throwing error on an attempted pickoff throw sent Chris Getz from first to third. He scored on the sac fly.
Duffy (1 - 0) beat Justin Verlander in the opener.
Duffy was called up from Triple-A Omaha to make his second big league start of the season, and didn't allow a hit until Cabrera's hard-hit, two out single in the sixth.
Kelvin Herrera replaced Duffy in the seventh and retired the side in order. Aaron Crow worked the eighth and allowed Santiago's pinch-hit home run leading off the inning. Crow got the next three batters.
Verlander (12 - 9) allowed two runs and seven hits in eight innings. He struck out five and didn't walk a batter.
Kansas City made it 2 - 0 on consecutive doubles leading off the seventh by Justin Maxwell and Emilio Bonifacio.
NOTES: With two outs in the second inning of the first game, Bonafacio hit a soft liner that Detroit shortstop Jose Iglesias reached to his right to catch on the backhand. The ball popped out of his glove back over Iglesias head, but he twisted his body to catch it for the inning's final out.... In the eighth, Bonifacio, playing center field, and right fielder David Lough collided after Bonifacio made a running catch of Cabrera's long drive on the warning track in deep right-center.... It was the Royals' first doubleheader sweep in Detroit since Aug. 5, 1984.... Royals manager Ned Yost said third baseman Mike Moustakas, who has been out since leaving Monday's game with a tight calf, would do some work on the field on Friday to assess his progress.... The Royals' Billy Butler continued his mastery of Verlander in the first game. Butler was 2 for 3 to run his career mark against the Tigers' star to 27 - for - 62 (. 435).... Saturday's scheduled starters are Wade Davis (6 - 9, 5.29 ERA) for Kansas City against Doug Fister (10 - 6. 3.60) for Detroit.