PITTSBURGH--Andrew McCutchen just shrugged, claiming "every baseball player just has one of those days." But only nine other players in the 122-year history of the Pittsburgh Pirates have had the kind of day this rookie did.
McCutchen homered three times and had a career-high six RBIs, and the Pirates handed the Washington Nationals their fourth straight loss, 11 - 6 on Saturday night.
"It's just a day I know I won't forget. A day I know I'll remember."
McCutchen hit three shots to left--one just inside the foul pole to lead off the first, one with Brandon Moss aboard in the fourth, and another with Moss and Ramon Vazquez on to give Pittsburgh an 11 - 4 lead in the sixth.
The third home run drew the first curtain call of the season at PNC Park, where only one player (Houston's Vinny Castilla in 2001) had hit three homers in a game.
"You never [envision] a guy hitting three home runs in one game--that's just one of those things that happens. But he's got tremendous bat speed and he's got the ability to drive the ball."
With a chance at a record-tying fourth homer in the eighth, McCutchen grounded into a double play.
Moss and Andy LaRoche each had two hits with two runs and an RBI for Pittsburgh, which has won two straight against Washington since breaking a five - game losing streak.
Ryan Zimmerman and former Pirate Nyjer Morgan each had three hits for the Nationals.
The 22-year-old McCutchen singled and scored on Lastings Milledge's two - run double in the third and finished 4 - for - 5 with four runs scored. A leadoff hitter known more for his speed and high batting average, he became the first Pirates player to connect three times in a game since Aramis Ramirez on April 8, 2001, at Houston.
"But we've got to make better pitches than that. He was really on the ball good, but we can't make pitches consistently to him allow him to throw the barrel of the bat out there and do that."
Each homer came off a different pitcher: Craig Stammen and relievers Tyler Clippard and Logan Kensing.
McCutchen's second and third homers highlighted four - run innings.
LaRoche had an RBI triple and Moss added a run-scoring single in the fourth ahead of McCutchen. In the sixth, Cedeno had an RBI grounder.
Vasquez (2 - 5) earned the win but didn't pitch well enough to keep his job. He was optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis after the game to make room in the rotation for Kevin Hart, whom Pittsburgh acquired in a trade with the Chicago Cubs Thursday. The Pirates recalled right-hander Steven Jackson from Indianapolis to pitch out of the bullpen.
Vasquez allowed two runs in the first but recovered and was charged with three runs on nine hits with two walks and two strikeouts in five innings. He has a 6.09 ERA in seven starts.
Stammen (3 - 6) allowed six runs on eight hits. The Nationals had won three of his previous four starts.
Darnell Coles was the last Pirates player to hit three homers at home, on Sept. 30, 1987. It has happened 17 times overall in club history.