CINCINNATI--Kevin Correia is getting plenty of support from his teammates.
The San Diego right-hander was on the mound Friday night for the Padres' second-biggest outburst of the season, a 10 - 4 win over the Cincinnati Reds. He was the winning pitcher in the biggest, too, a 17 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on April 12.
Correia didn't allow a hit into the sixth inning and Adrian Gonzalez hit his second career grand slam as San Diego extended its winning streak to seven games.
Tony Gwynn Jr. added a two - run homer and Matt Stairs and Everth Cabrera drove in two runs apiece in support of Correia, who didn't allow a hit until Ryan Hanigan led off the sixth with a double to center field.
Correia (3 - 1) improved to 6 - 1 in his career against Cincinnati, including 4 - 1 at Great American Ball Park. The Reds reached Correia for three hits and two runs in that inning. He left with two outs. Correia also walked Joey Votto three times and struck out five.
Chase Headley led off San Diego's four - run second inning with a single to center and went to third on Will Venable's double to right. Stairs doubled to virtually the same spot for his first RBIs of the season. Gwynn followed one out later with his first homer, a drive into the visitors' bullpen down the right field line.
Stairs and Gwynn weren't in San Diego's original starting lineup. They were inserted after Padres manager Bud Black learned that Bronson Arroyo would be starting instead of Johnny Cueto, a decision made at least a day earlier but mistakenly not communicated to the media and San Diego. Stairs' start was his first of the season.
The Padres knocked Arroyo out of the game during their six - run fourth inning. Nick Hundley and Gwynn led off with singles and Correia walked while trying to lay down a sacrifice. Cabrera followed with a two - run single, and after former Red Jerry Hairston Jr. greeted reliever Micah Owings with a single to load the bases, Gonzalez hit the first pitch into the right field seats for his fourth home run of the season.
The six fourth-inning runs were the most allowed by the Reds in one inning this season.
Arroyo (0 - 2) was roughed up for eight runs on eight hits, issuing two walks without striking anybody out. His three - inning stint was the shortest since he lasted one inning while giving up seven hits and nine runs in a 15 - 3 loss to the Milwaukee Brewers on May 6, last season.
That's what manager Dusty Baker was most likely thinking about while hoping that Arroyo can turn it around.