KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Bruce Chen does not want to be reminded again how long he went between victories.
Chen won in the major leagues for the first time since 2005, and Billy Butler hit a two - run homer in a five - run first inning as the Kansas City Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Thursday night.
Chen, who had lost his past 13 decisions, earned his first victory since Oct. 2, 2005, while with the Baltimore Orioles. Chen (1 - 6) held the Mariners to two runs, despite giving up a season-high 10 hits and a walk in 6 2/3 innings, matching his longest outing this season.
"I feel like a gorilla's with a bunch of kids, maybe a family of five, is off my back. To get this win out of the way is just a tremendous relief for me."
After winning 13 games in 2005, Chen went winless in 2006 with the Orioles. He made five relief appearances with Texas in 2007 before needing elbow surgery and sitting out 2008.
The Royals batted around in their biggest first inning since scoring five runs on Aug. 29, 2007, against Detroit.
Butler's home run was his season-high 13th and he had his team-leading 14th multi-RBI game. The first inning included a two - run double by Mark Teahen and a run-scoring double by Yuniesky Betancourt.
Mariners left-hander Jason Vargas (3 - 6) lost his fourth straight decision since a June 20 victory over Arizona.
Vargas gave up eight runs, seven earned, and nine hits in seven innings with three walks and no strikeouts.
Seattle trimmed the led to 5 - 2 in the fourth, which included Mike Sweeney's 100th home run at Kauffman Stadium. Sweeney played his first 13 years in the majors with the Royals.
Adrian Beltre, who had four hits to match his career high, doubled and scored on Jack Wilson's sacrifice fly for the other Seattle run.
The Royals expanded their lead in a three - run fifth with Alberto Callaspo, Teahen and Mitch Maier getting RBIs.
Chen got Juan Lopez to ground into a double play with runners on the corners to end the fifth. Lopez's string of an RBI in seven consecutive games ended.
Ichiro Suzuki went 2 - for - 5 to keep his average at.365, which leads the majors.