ATLANTA--Charlie Culberson had a good feeling after he fouled off a couple of pitches from Seth Lugo.
Culberson's pinch-hit, two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning gave the Atlanta Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets in the first game of a doubleheader on Monday.
Lugo (1 - 1) gave up Nick Markakis' sacrifice fly in the eighth and walked Johan Camargo to begin the ninth before Culberson took him deep.
Devin Mesoraco gave the Mets a 3 - 2 lead in the top of the ninth with a solo homer off Shane Carle (3 - 1), but Lugo's performance wiped out seven strong innings from Jacob deGrom as the Mets lost their fourth straight and fell to.500 for the first time this season.
New York's bullpen has a 10.65 ERA over its past four games and just 15 saves in 24 chances overall this season. Mets relievers dropped to 10 - 23 when they allow a run.
Atlanta improved to 31 - 21, second best in the NL, and has won 44 games in its last at-bat since manager Brian Snitker took charge on May 16, 2016, most in the majors over that span. The Braves lead the NL this year with 95 runs scored in the seventh inning or later.
Rain caused a 34-minute delay in middle of the sixth inning.
DeGrom pitched six scoreless innings before allowing Tyler Flowers' homer to make it 2 - 1 in the seventh. Throwing a season-high 115 pitches, he allowed five hits and three walks and struck out eight, lowering his NL-leading ERA to 1.52.
DeGrom has given up just two runs over his past 40 1/3 innings, a span of seven starts in which he has a 0.45 ERA. He pitched out of a jam after Flowers homered. The Braves had runners on first and third with no outs, but didn't score.
Mesoraco had a role in all three New York runs. He drew a bases-loaded walk off Max Fried to make it 1 - 0 in the first and singled and scored from first on Luis Guillorme's double to put the Mets up 2 - 0 in the fourth.
Fried, making his first start this season and the second of his career, gave up four hits, four walks and two runs--one earned--with six strikeouts in five innings.
DeGrom worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the fourth, striking out Preston Tucker and Camargo.