DENVER--The Colorado Rockies needed a late rally to give them their first series sweep in more than two months.
It was a comeback that left the Milwaukee Brewers shaking their heads.
Tyler Colvin hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and the Rockies rallied to beat the Brewers 7 - 6 on Wednesday.
Wilin Rosario started the rally with a one - out pinch-hit single to center off reliever Jim Henderson (0 - 2).
Eric Young Jr., who homered earlier in the game, also singled to put runners at the corners.
Colvin followed with a double down the first base line past a diving Corey Hart, scoring the speedy Young from first and giving the Rockies their first sweep since May 28 - 31.
The ball hugged the line, making right fielder Norichika Aoki cover a lot of ground to get to it. Young turned on the speed when he realized Hart didn't come up with the ball.
He easily beat a high relay throw to home, giving Colorado its first three - game winning streak since June 1.
Colvin, who had two hits, notched his first walkoff hit of the season.
"It's pretty exciting right there, especially when you get to watch EY run."
Will Harris (1 - 0) pitched two scoreless innings to pick up his first major league win. Chris Nelson had two hits and drove in three runs and Carlos Gonzalez had two hits for the Rockies.
Rickie Weeks had three hits and Nyjer Morgan had two hits and three RBIs for the Brewers, who have lost five of six.
The Brewers used a five - run fifth inning to overcome an early 4 - 0 deficit and chase starter Guillermo Moscoso. Weeks and Corey Hart had RBI doubles, Morgan had a two - run single off reliever Carlos Torres and Jean Segura hit a sacrifice fly.
The Rockies tied it in the bottom of the sixth on Nelson's RBI single, but Hart scored on Morgan's single with two outs in the seventh to make it 6 - 5.
Starter Mark Rogers, who rejoined the team Tuesday after the birth of his daughter a day earlier, shook off a rough start.
He allowed five runs and seven hits, walked two and struck out four but failed in his bid for his first major league win after Henderson's blown save.
For the third straight game, the Rockies jumped out to a big lead in the first inning. This time, they scored all their runs with two outs.
With runners on the corners, Ramon Hernandez's single to center scored Colvin. Jordan Pacheco walked to load the bases and Nelson followed with a two - run single to left.
The Brewers escaped further damage when Pacheco was tagged out in a rundown between third and home.
Young made it 4 - 0 with a two - out, solo homer in the third. It was his fourth of the year and second in as many games.