NEW YORK--Michael Conforto was the Mets' only All-Star earlier this month. He's certainly playing like one.
Conforto hit a pair of two - run homers and Jerry Blevins rescued the bullpen with a five - out save as New York held off the Oakland Athletics 7 - 5 on Friday night for its third straight victory.
T. J. Rivera put the Mets ahead in the sixth inning with a two - run single that turned into a Little League home run. Rivera came all the way around to score on the play after third baseman Matt Chapman, trying to get Rivera at second, threw the ball away into right field for a costly error that made it 5 - 3.
Moments earlier, New York loaded the bases when Lucas Duda's bad-hop infield single struck first baseman Ryon Healy near the temple. Healy left the game and walked off under his own power with a swollen bruise next to his left eye.
Conforto's second homer made it 7 - 3 in the seventh. Oakland rallied for two in the eighth, but Blevins replaced closer Addison Reed with the bases loaded and got five straight outs against his former team for his fifth major league save and first this season.
Mainly a lefty specialist, Blevins went at least 1 2/3 innings in a game for the first time since 2014 with Washington. He retired All-Star slugger Yonder Alonso on a foul popup and struck out Khris Davis to escape the eighth-inning jam.
Yoenis Cespedes had three hits after raising eyebrows when he told the San Francisco Chronicle before the game that he wants to play the final season of his career in Oakland, his first big league team.
Cespedes, who signed a $110 million, four - year contract in the offseason to remain with the Mets, also said Melvin is his favorite skipper and he doesn't think there's a better one.
After the game, Cespedes clarified his comments.
Hansel Robles (5 - 1) struck out two in a scoreless inning to earn the win.
Marcus Semien had four hits and two RBI for Oakland in his first multihit game this year after spending much of the season on the disabled list.
Conforto connected in the third against rookie starter Paul Blackburn (1 - 1). The drive to right-center, estimated at 450 feet, was the longest of his career and nearly reached the Shea Bridge, a pedestrian walkway above and beyond the bullpens at Citi Field.
Blackburn gave up four runs and six hits over 5 1/3 innings in his fourth major league start.
Mets lefty Steven Matz was lifted for a pinch hitter after throwing 83 pitches in five innings. Coming off the worst start of his career against Colorado, Matz allowed three runs and nine hits with five strikeouts and no walks.
Matz also singled in front of Conforto's first homer after Blackburn set down his first eight batters.