OAKLAND, Calif.--The AL Central title clinched for the Detroit Tigers, Justin Verlander has a goal--and it has nothing to do with the AL Cy Young Award.
The Tigers are looking for homefield advantage, for their fans as much as for themselves.
After clinching its first division title since 1987 on Friday, Detroit (89 - 64) is one game ahead of Texas (88 - 65) for No. 2 seed in the AL playoffs--and homefield advantage in the first round. In the event of a tie, Tigers hold the tiebreaker because Detroit swept Texas 6 - 0 in the season series.
Verlander (24 - 5) won his 12th straight start, pitching three - hit ball over eight innings. He struck out six and walked three, extending his scoreless streak to 17 innings.
He became the first pitcher to win 12 straight starts since Minnesota's Johan Santana in 2004, according to STATS LLC. Verlander has a 2.28 ERA with 91 strikeouts in 87 innings over his streak.
Verlander pitched to the minimum 11 batters until giving up a two - out single to Coco Crisp in the fourth. Scott Sizemore singled in the first, but was thrown out attempting to steal.
Verlander has the most wins in a major league season since Arizona's Randy Johnson in 2002. With another victory, he would become the winningest pitcher in a season since Oakland's Bob Welch went 27 - 6 in 1990.
Verlander set a Tigers record by winning 12 straight starts. He is the first Tigers pitcher to win a dozen consecutive decisions since Bobo Newsom won 13 straight in 1940.
Jose Velvarde pitched the ninth to remain perfect in 46 save chances his season.
For Oakland, Guillermo Moscoso (8 - 9) took a no-hit bid into the sixth but had thrown 90 pitches by then.
Austin Jackson, who had two hits and scored twice, led off the sixth with his 10th home run of the year, a drive that just cleared the center-field fence. Pinch-hitter Brandon Inge doubled in a run against Craig Breslow in the eighth, and Ramon Santiago drove in a run in the ninth with a squeeze bunt.
Moscoso lasted six innings and matched his season high with eight strikeouts.