MINNEAPOLIS (AP)--Nick Blackburn showed why the Minnesota Twins think their young guns are ready for the heat of a pennant race.
Blackburn allowed one run in seven innings and Joe Mauer hit a tiebreaking, two - run homer in the seventh to lift the Twins to a 4 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night.
Blackburn (8 - 6) turned in another strong effort just hours after Minnesota designated Livan Hernandez for assignment, getting rid of their opening-day starter, and only one with any playoff experience.
It was a huge show of faith in a rotation that doesn't have a player older than 26--and Blackburn's outing was a good example of why the Twins decided to go with their youngsters.
The rookie right-hander showed the poise of a veteran in the seventh when he wiggled out of a bases-loaded jam by striking out Jamey Carroll to keep the game tied 1 - 1.
Mauer connected for his seventh homer in the bottom half and Brendan Harris added an RBI double to chase Jeremy Sowers (1 - 6) and keep the Twins a half-game behind AL Central-leading Chicago.
For the second straight start against Minnesota, Sowers took a perfect game into the sixth inning before the Twins spoiled it with a leadoff double. Back on July 27, it was Craig Monroe who got to Sowers.
This time around, Harris hit one to left field and later scored on a bloop single by Carlos Gomez for a 1 - 0 lead.
Kelly Shoppach led off the seventh with a double and scored on a base hit by pinch-hitter Jhonny Peralta to tie it, but Blackburn stayed calm to limit the damage.
The Twins rotation now consists of 26-year-olds Blackburn and Scott Baker, 25-year-old Glen Perkins, 24-year-old Liriano and 23-year-old Kevin Slowey.
The Twins put three on the board in the seventh, and Sowers was again left wondering what went wrong.
Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances.
Shoppach went 2 - for - 4 in his first game since tying a major league record with five extra-base hits--three doubles and two homers--in a 13-inning loss to Detroit on Wednesday.
He didn't get much help from his teammates, who were stymied by Blackburn's smooth mix of curveballs and well-placed fastballs.
That's been the story of this massively disappointing year for the Indians, who have lost seven of their last nine to fall 14 games behind the White Sox. CC Sabathia and Casey Blake are gone, Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez are injured, and the ball just hasn't bounced the Indians' way this season.