DETROIT--When the Detroit Tigers traded star pitcher David Price to the Blue Jays last week for three young left-handers, it was designed as a move for the future.
Turns out, it's working well in the present.
Three days after Daniel Norris dominated Baltimore, it was Matt Boyd's turn to pitch seven strong innings in a 2 - 1 win over the Kansas City Royals on Wednesday night.
Boyd received a standing ovation from the crowd of 34,628 after the seventh inning, and couldn't stop a grin from spreading across his face.
As a fly-ball pitcher, Boyd is already enjoying pitching at cavernous Comerica Park instead of the smaller Rogers Centre.
Boyd only allowed one run on seven hits and didn't walk a batter in a career-long seven innings.
"Once I catch these two a few more times, it will be even better."
Bruce Rondon pitched the eighth before Blaine Hardy and Alex Wilson combined to finish off the Royals. Hardy got the first two outs, helped by a running catch by J. D. Martinez, before Wilson retired Alex Rios for his second save.
After the game, Tigers manager Brad Ausmus confirmed that Wilson will be the closer to replace Joakim Soria, who was traded to Pittsburgh. Wilson has been the team's long man, set-up man and even made a spot start earlier in the season.
Johnny Cueto (7 - 7) couldn't pick up his first win for Kansas City despite only allowing two runs on five hits in seven innings. Cueto walked two and struck out two.
The Tigers broke a scoreless tie in the third when Gose's two - out triple over the head of Lorenzo Cain brought home Tyler Collins.
Kansas City got its own RBI triple in the fourth, this one off the bat of Kendrys Morales. It was his first triple since 2012--also against Detroit--and just the fifth of his nine - year career.
Yet another triple let the Tigers regain the lead in their half of the fourth. Kinsler hit it into the right-centerfield gap and scored on Victor Martinez's groundout.
Rios singled and moved to third on a bad pickoff throw in the fifth, but Boyd got out of the jam.