SAN DIEGO--Adam Jones and the Baltimore Orioles wore out Petco Park in a rare visit to the San Diego Padres' big downtown ballpark.
Jones hit a leadoff homer against his hometown team and Hyun Soo Kim and Chris Davis also homered for the Orioles, who beat the Padres 11 - 7 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory.
The Orioles lead the majors with 123 homers, including 54 in June.
Baltimore would have had a fourth homer, but center fielder Melvin Upton Jr. leaped and reached over the fence to rob J. J. Hardy of a two - run shot in the second. Upton then doubled off Mark Trumbo at first.
Baltimore had plenty of hits that stayed in the yard, finishing with 17 total. Each regular had at least one. Davis, Manny Machado and Jonathan Schoop each had three.
Davis passed Hall of Famer Frank Robinson for sole possession of ninth place on the Orioles' career home run list with 180. He and Machado had three hits apiece.
Kim drove in three runs, adding an RBI double in the seven - run sixth. Davis homered and doubled in the inning, Schoop had a two - run double and Machado hit a two - run single.
Jones, who went to San Diego's Morse High, hit an opposite-field homer to right, his 16th, on the second pitch from Erik Johnson. Kim also went to right field on his two - run homer in the fifth, his second. Davis drove reliever Carlos Villanueva's first pitch an estimated 417 feet to center leading off the sixth, his 19th.
Ubaldo Jimenez (5 - 7) beat the Padres in consecutive starts, holding them to one run and three hits in five innings, with five strikeouts and four walks. He won 7 - 2 against the Padres in Baltimore last Wednesday.
Upton had a big game for the Padres. He homered 462 feet, according to ESPN Stats & Information, off the batter's eye in straightaway center field leading off the bottom of the first and had two defensive gems. The first was robbing Hardy of the home run, and the second was a sliding catch of Kim's sinking liner in the third.
San Diego's Wil Myers hit a three - run homer off Oliver Drake in the seventh, his 18th. It was his 11th this month, the most ever by a Padres player in June.
Johnson (0 - 4) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings, struck out two and walked none.