CHICAGO--Patrick Corbin is finding ways to pile up victories without his best stuff.
Corbin became the major leagues' first nine - game winner, laboring through six inning Sunday in the Arizona Diamondbacks' 8 - 4 win over the Chicago Cubs.
Corbin (9 - 0) allowed four runs and six hits, tying the team record for consecutive wins at the start of the season, set by Brandon Webb in 2008. The Diamondbacks are 11 - 0 in his starts.
For the second straight start Corbin gave up at least four runs after not allowing more than two runs in his previous nine starts.
He hit two batters and walked two in a 33-pitch first inning, when he walked Dioner Navarro with the bases loaded. Corbin minimized the damaged by retiring Cody Ransom on an inning-ending flyout to the warning track in center.
Brad Ziegler, David Hernandez and Heath Bell combined for hitless relief to secure the win for Corbin.
Edwin Jackson (1 - 8) gave up seven runs--five earned--a season-high 12 hits, three walks and four wild pitches in 5 2/3 innings.
Nieves had three hits and two RBIs for Arizona.
Scott Hairston hit his 100th career homer as the Cubs lost their second straight after a season-high five - game winning steak.
Arizona loaded the bases in the second when, with two men on, center fielder Julio Borbon took his eyes off of Corbin's routine fly ball to center and dropped the ball for an error.
Gerardo Parra followed with a two - run single, and Jackson's wild pitch allowed Corbin to score for a 3 - 1 lead.
Jackson's RBI single cut the deficit in the fourth, but Nieves' two - out RBI single boosted the lead to 4 - 2 in the fifth.
Hairston's fifth homer this season, a two - run drive, tied the score in the bottom half.
Corbin stayed in just long enough to get the win.
Jackson allowed three straight singles with two outs in the sixth, when Paul Goldschmidt drove in the go-ahead run. After an intentional walk to Jason Kubel loaded the bases, Cody Ross lined a two - run single for a 7 - 4 lead.
Struggling Cubs reliever Carlos Marmol, who was booed, allowed three walks and an RBI single to Nieves in the eighth.