CLEVELAND--Chris Sale pitching against Cleveland's injury-riddled lineup looked like a mismatch Thursday night.
Mismatch, indeed.
Boston's ace was battered while matching the shortest start of his career, and rookie Yandy Diaz got four hits as the Indians beat the Red Sox 13 - 6 in a matchup of division leaders.
Sale (14 - 6) was tagged for seven runs on seven hits and three walks in just three innings. The Indians, held to a combined four hits by the Red Sox in the previous two games, erupted against one of the top contenders for the AL Cy Young Award and roughed up Boston's bullpen.
The Indians scored four times in the second inning and added three more in the second as Sale's problems against Cleveland continued. The All-Star lefty is 5 - 8 with a 4.87 ERA in 29 career appearances vs. the Indians.
Finding an explanation for these numbers was elusive following the game.
Said Indians manager Terry Francona: "When you figure this game out, you can tell me."
Diaz was 4 for 4 and fell a home run short of the cycle and Giovanny Urshela drove in a career-high four runs. Jay Bruce and Francisco Lindor homered as the Indians had 18 hits, one short of their season high.
Sale gave up six earned runs in this loss, the fourth time he'd ever gone only three innings. He yielded a season-high seven earned runs in five innings against the Indians on Aug. 1 at Fenway Park.
Trevor Bauer (13 - 8) allowed four runs in 5 1/3 innings and won his sixth straight decision.
Mitch Moreland homered twice for Boston and drove in four runs in the 11th multihomer game of his career.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts exited in the seventh inning with a bruised right knee after a diving attempt for Jose Ramirez's double.
Indians first baseman Carlos Santana missed his third straight game because of back tightness. Cleveland is also playing without second baseman Jason Kipnis (strained right hamstring), and outfielders Michael Brantley (sprained right ankle) and Lonnie Chisenhall (strained right calf).
The Indians were held to one hit by Boston's Doug Fister on Tuesday--a leadoff home run by Lindor. Cleveland had three hits Wednesday, with the only run coming on Edwin Encarnacion's homer.
Sale also had to dodge a piece of a broken bat that sailed past the mound in the second. Urshela's bat shattered while hitting a grounder up the middle, causing Sale to lean out of the way.