SEATTLE (AP)--Vicente Padilla knew he had a challenge in his matchup against Seattle Mariners ace Erik Bedard.
But the Texas Rangers right-hander had a distinct advantage. He faced the Mariners offense, which hasn't been scoring much lately.
Padilla allowed two hits over seven innings to outpitch Bedard and Milton Bradley homered as the Rangers beat the struggling Mariners 2 - 0 Wednesday night.
Padilla (5 - 2), who has won three straight starts, walked two and struck out a season-high eight. He has allowed just one run in his last three starts, spanning 21 2/3 innings. He lowered his overall ERA to 3.02.
The Mariners, on the other hand, have scored one run over their last 23 innings. Since the third inning Monday, the Mariners have produced one run on 10 hits in 78 at-bats for a.128 average. They have had two hits in their last 16 opportunities with runners in scoring position and averaged 2.13 runs over their last six games.
Bedard (2 - 2), the victim of the sputtering offense, allowed two runs on six hits in his seven innings.
The Mariners have lost seven of eight.
Padilla had much do to with the Mariners' muted bats. He opened the game by hitting Ichiro Suzuki but he didn't allow him to advance past first. In the second, Yuniesky Betancourt had a one - out single to center but he was eliminated on a double play.
The next 12 batters were retired by Padilla until Suzuki's two - out single in the sixth. The hit raised Suzuki's average against Padilla to.571 (16 of 28). But Padilla struck out Jose Lopez to end the inning.
Padilla ran into trouble of his own making in the seventh, walking the first two batters Raul Ibanez and Adrian Beltre, on 3 - 2 counts. He then struck out Jeff Clement, Betancourt and Wladimir Balentien.
Padilla, who used his mid-90s fastball for much of the game, said once the two runners reached he couldn't mix in his breaking pitches.
Bedard, who allowed a couple harmless singles through three innings, yielded a one - out single to Bradley in the fourth. With two outs, Brandon Boggs hit a run-scoring triple into the left-center gap. Bradley scored easily and Boggs reached third without a throw.
Bradley hit an 0 - 1 pitch from Bedard into the left-field bullpen with two outs in the sixth for his fourth home run.
C. J. Wilson came on in the ninth to pick up his eighth save in nine opportunities.
The two hits were a season low for the Mariners. It's the second time they have been shutout. It's also the second shutout for the Rangers, both involving Padilla, who threw a complete game against Minnesota on April 27.