The visiting Denver Nuggets took down the Portland Trail Blazers with ease on Friday, winning 102 - 85 at Moda Center. Denver (17 - 15) had an up - and - down start to the season that included injuries to star big men Paul Millsap (wrist) and Nikola Jokic. While Millsap remains sidelined by the injury, Jokic is back to starting for Denver, and has been a major boost for his team. On Friday, he was the backbone of the Denver offense, scoring a team - high 27 points and dishing out six assists. Jokic's performance helped spark a much - needed win for the Nuggets, who currently sit in the middle of the pack among Western Conference playoff contenders. Friday's win was never in much jeopardy for Denver, as the team jumped out to a double - digit lead in the first half and didn't look back. With star point guard Damian Lillard (hamstring) sitting out the game, it was difficult for Portland to muster the offensive output necessary for a comeback. On Denver's end, things were smooth sailing, as five players scored in double figures and the team shot over 49 percent from the floor. Though it was a slow night for sophomore point guard Jamal Murray, who had seven points on 3 - of - 10 shooting, the team was able to find production elsewhere. Shooting guard Gary Harris and forward Wilson Chandler combined for 38 points on 15 - of - 27 shooting. Portland (16 - 16), meanwhile, could have used the win, as they have also found themselves in the middle of a crowded Western Conference playoff picture. With Lillard out, though, the team had trouble finding reliable offense. The Blazers looked to shooting guard C.J. McCollum in his stead, but with the Nuggets able to ramp up defensive pressure on him, McCollum shot just 7 - of - 18. The team as a whole struggled throughout the night, shooting just 43 percent from the field including a disappointing 6 - of - 22 from beyond the arc. The Blazers did find some production from their second unit, though, as three players scored in double figures off the bench. The Blazers will look to bounce back as they visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday. Denver, meanwhile, will travel to Oakland to face the defending champion Golden State Warriors.