KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP)--Zach Miner was more impressed with Miguel Cabrera's home run than his own dominating start.
Miner pitched three - hit ball for seven innings, Cabrera hit his third homer in two games to reach 100 RBIs and the Tigers handed the Kansas City Royals their seventh straight loss, 4 - 0 Saturday night.
Magglio Ordonez, Edgar Renteria and Matt Joyce each had a sacrifice fly for Detroit.
The Royals have their third losing streak of at least seven games this season. They have been outscored 78 - 29 in losing 10 of 11 and falling a season worst 19-games below.500.
Miner, who was making his seventh start since being recalled July 21 from Triple-A Toledo, did not allow a hit after Mark Teahen singled leading off the third. He retired 12 of the final 13 batters he faced, walking Alberto Callaspo with two outs in the sixth. Miner, who gave up five runs in 1 1/3 innings against Baltimore in his previous start, has not allowed a run in five outings at Kauffman Stadium, a span of 18 1/3 innings.
Miner (7 - 4) is 4 - 1 since moving to the rotation after starting the season with 32 relief appearances. He called this his best game of the season.
Relievers Bobby Seay and Jeff Farnsworth completed the Tigers' second shutout of the season. It was the third time in 11 games the Royals have been blanked. The Royals had only one runner reach second base and did not have a hit after the third inning.
Cabrera led off the sixth with a mammoth home run, his 28th, to left, giving him 100 RBIs. It is the fifth straight year he has driven in at least 100 runs.
Cabrera has 12 home runs and 43 RBIs in 35 games after the All-Star break.
Gary Sheffield led off the third with a double, moved to third on a groundout and scored on Renteria's fly to left. Carlos Guillen walked to lead off the fourth, advanced to second on a wild pitch, went to third on a balk and scored on Joyce's fly to right.
Curtis Granderson led off the fifth with his third walk, took third on Placido Polanco's single and came home on Ordonez's fly ball to right.
Kyle Davies (5 - 5) was recalled Friday from Triple-A Omaha. He gave up four runs on four hits and four walks and struck out four.
Two of the four batters Davies walked ended up scoring.