KANSAS CITY, Mo.--Royals fans waited almost all afternoon to see some offense. When their team finally built a rally, it came just in time to give Ervin Santana a much-deserved win.
Santana pitched eight strong innings, Alcides Escobar doubled home the go-ahead run and Kansas City beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Monday in its home opener.
Santana (1 - 1), acquired from the Los Angeles Angels on Oct. 31 for minor league left-hander Brandon Sisk, gave up a run and eight singles. He struck out seven, walked one and hit a batter with a pitch.
Santana allowed only four hits after the first inning, when the Twins scored their lone run.
Twins right-hander Kevin Correia (0 - 1) limited the Royals to five singles and no runs over the first seven innings before Lorenzo Cain doubled to right-center to open a three - run eighth. After Chris Getz's sacrifice bunt moved Cain to third, Alex Gordon singled to tie the score.
Escobar's double scored Gordon and knocked Correia out of the game. Jared Burton gave up a run-scoring single to Billy Butler, who tied a club record with seven RBIs on Sunday in Philadelphia.
Correia took the loss after giving up three runs and eight hits in 7 1/3 innings.
The Royals, who had the best spring training record in the majors, won their first home opener since 2008 when they beat the New York Yankees 5 - 2.
Aaron Crow worked the ninth to earn his first save of the season and the third of his career--two against the Twins. His previous save came July 21 against Minnesota. The Royals, who have come from behind to win three straight games, have three saves from three different pitchers this season.
Crow walked Chris Parmelee with one out, but coaxed Brian Dozier to bounce into a game-ending double play.
Joe Mauer scored on Ryan Doumit's two - out single in the first for the only Minnesota run. It was the first time this season the Twins scored first after being outscored 9 - 1 in the first two innings during their first six games.
The Twins bunched four singles in the first inning, but managed just the one run after Doumit ended the inning by being thrown out scrambling to get back to second base after Justin Morneau stopped at third on Trevor Plouffe's single.