SAN DIEGO--Edinson Volquez has only his glove to blame for falling just short of the first no-hitter in San Diego Padres history.
Volquez threw a one - hitter--an infield single in the fourth inning that bounced off his glove--for the first complete game and shutout of his career as the Padres beat the Houston Astros 1 - 0 on Thursday night.
Alexi Amarista doubled and Logan Forsythe singled in the first inning for the Padres, who won three of the four games in the series and have won five of six overall.
Volquez shut down the Astros except for the infield single by Matt Downs, who hit a comebacker to the left side of the mound. Third baseman Chase Headley and Volquez converged on the ball, but Volquez opted to attempt to snare the ball but dropped it. Volquez did not attempt to throw out Downs at first base.
Downs was just glad to avoid history.
In becoming the first Padres pitcher to throw a one - hitter at Petco Park, Volquez struck out five and walked three, throwing 118 pitches, 76 for strikes. It was the Padres' second complete game of the season and sixth shutout.
Volquez is the third Padre to throw a shutout at Petco Park. Jake Peavy did so on Aug. 23, 2005 also against Houston, and Ismael Valdez did on June 5, 2004, against Milwaukee.
The win improved Volquez's career record against the Astros to 6 - 0.
Rookie Lucas Harrell (7 - 7), who threw a shutout against San Diego on June 27 in Houston, gave up four hits and struck out six while walking one in seven innings.
Amarista, playing in center field for the injured Cameron Maybin, has hit safely in 16 of 17 games, batting.387 over that stretch.
Forsythe nearly started a triple play in the second inning. Scott Maxwell hit a line drive that the second baseman leaped to catch. He threw to Everth Cabrera to double-up J. D. Martinez at second and Cabrera threw to first, but Downs dived to beat the ball to the base and prevent the triple play.
Houston is batting.197 over the past 15 games and the club has had five hits or fewer 10 times in its past 18 games. The Astros were the victim when Matt Cain threw a perfect game on July 13 in San Francisco.
This game marked the last non-interleague meeting between the Astros and Padres, as Houston will move to the American League West in 2013.