The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Dallas Mavericks, 111 - 104, at American Airlines Center on Saturday night. The Cavaliers (6 - 7) haven't made it look easy this season, even in wins. They've seemingly had their share of challenges against even the weakest of opponents, with Saturday's performance serving as a textbook example. Cleveland couldn't get a handle on the Mavericks (2 - 11) in the first half, which resulted in a surprising 52 - 49 halftime deficit. The unexpected developments seemed to shake them up during intermission, as the defending Eastern Conference champs exploded for 34 points in the third period to take an 83 - 74 lead into the fourth quarter. Dallas wasn't done yet, however, as they rattled off a 100 run that brought them to within 91 - 90 with 6:44 remaining. They would close the gap to one again with 2:51 remaining after a Wesley Matthews' three - pointer, but the Cavs were able to stave them off the rest of the way to seal the win. Cleveland notably established an advantage on the glass, winning the rebounding battle by a 53 - 42 margin. Kevin Love led the way for the visitors with a 29 - point, 15 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and one block. LeBron James turned in a 19 - point, 11 - rebound double - double and added four assists and one block. J.R. Smith posted 17 points, three rebounds, three assists and two steals. Jae Crowder supplied 15 points, seven boards and three assists. Kyle Korver led the bench with 13 points - - all which he scored in the fourth quarter - - and added three rebounds. Harrison Barnes paced the Mavericks with a 23 - point, 12 - rebound double - double that also included one assist. Dwight Smith, Jr. followed with 21 points, seven assists, five rebounds, two steals and two blocks. Dirk Nowitzki turned in 14 points, brought down five boards and recorded both a steal and a block. Matthews poured in 12 points overall and complemented them with six assists, two rebounds and two steals. Devin Harris and J.J. Barea co - led the bench with matching nine - point tallies. The Cavaliers next head to the Big Apple to tangle with the New York Knicks on Monday night, while the Mavericks do battle with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday evening.