PITTSBURGH--Josh Bell has had a tough third season at the plate, with an overall drop in production and especially in extra-base hits.
Bell might have turned the corner in that department on Friday, with two doubles and a triple as part of his four - hit night that helped Pittsburgh to a 7 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers.
Bell came into the game with two extra-base hits in July and was slugging.378, third-worst among qualified first basemen. He credited a change in mindset rather than anything mechanical.
Bell's big night followed a three - walk game on Thursday. The combination of times on base and extra base hits has his OPS at.736, the highest it's been since mid-May.
The Pirates got to Milwaukee starter Junior Guerra (6 - 6) early and often. They scored three runs in the first on Gregory Polanco's sacrifice fly, an RBI single by Colin Moran and Bell's run-scoring double.
Polanco hit his 14th home run of the season in the fourth inning.
In the fifth, Moran scored on Bell's double with the aid of Lorenzo Cain's error. Jordy Mercer then drove in Bell with a double. Bell drove in Moran again with a triple in the eighth.
Nick Kingham (4 - 4) tied a career high with nine strikeouts and allowed three runs over 6 1/3 innings. Kingham walked just one batter and 63 of his 95 pitches went for strikes.
Kyle Crick got four outs for his second save of the season.
Guerra yielded six runs, nine hits and two walks in four innings. He struck out four.
The fourth-place Pirates have won five of their last six. First-place Milwaukee has lost four of five and its lead has been cut to a half-game over the Chicago Cubs.
The Brewers' slide has come as they finish the first half on a stretch of 21 games in 20 days, but Counsell brushed off any notion of fatigue.
Brewers reliever Brandon Woodruff, recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs, pitched three innings of one - hit relief and hit his first career home run.
Milwaukee optioned right-handed reliever Adrian Houser to the minors.