TORONTO--R. A. Dickey called talented teammate Josh Donaldson "a superhero."
Against the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday night, Dickey was pretty super, too.
Dickey pitched a four - hitter to win his seventh straight decision, Donaldson had three hits and the Blue Jays beat the Indians 5 - 1.
AL East-leading Toronto won for the fifth time in six games, maintaining a 1 1/2-game lead over the New York Yankees, who beat Boston 13 - 8.
Minnesota's Miguel Sano, Houston's Carlos Correa and Cleveland's Francisco Lindor all in the running for AL rookie of the year.
Dickey (10 - 10) threw 92 pitches, including 68 strikes, in his second complete game of the season and 15th of his career. Now 7 - 0 since the All-Star break, he's unbeaten in 10 starts dating to a July 9 road loss against the White Sox.
Dickey set down 14 straight before Jason Kipnis hit a one - out single in the ninth. Francisco Lindor ended it by grounding into a double play.
Cleveland lost consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 18 and 19 at Boston. They went 9 - 2 in between.
Perfect through the first three innings, Dickey allowed back to-back singles to begin the fourth. After Michael Brantley grounded into a double play, Carlos Santana hit an RBI single up the middle.
Donaldson went 3 for 4 with three RBI, raising his ML-leading total to 111.
Donaldson and Troy Tulowitzki each had RBI singles in the first and Donaldson chased Bauer with a two - run double in the second.
Jeff Manship came on and walked Jose Bautista and Edwin Encarnacion before Donaldson tagged and scored on Tulowitzki's fly ball that second baseman Kipnis caught in shallow center. When Kipnis' throw tailed toward third base, Donaldson dove around the tag attempt from catcher Yan Gomes, touching the plate with his left hand before landing on his chest.
Rather than superhero, Blue Jays manager John Gibbons picked a different word to describe Donaldson.
Cleveland right-hander Trevor Bauer (10 - 11) gave up five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings, failing to get through two innings for the second time in four starts.