SAN FRANCISCO (AP)--Randy Johnson had a hard time finding the strike zone in his season debut, eight months after back surgery.
Still, the San Francisco Giants didn't get many good swings against him.
The Big Unit did not allow an earned run in five innings, settling down to finish with seven strikeouts and four walks before San Francisco rallied against Arizona's bullpen for a 5 - 4 victory over the Diamondbacks on Monday night.
The Giants loaded the bases in the seventh with no outs against reliever Chad Qualls (0 - 1), who allowed Ray Durham's tying RBI groundout followed by Bengie Molina's go-ahead sacrifice fly.
Keiichi Yabu (1 - 1), who had dental surgery earlier in the day, worked two scoreless innings for his first win in nearly three years. He beat the Giants on May 20, 2005, with the Oakland Athletics. Yabu's victory also was the first by a Japanese pitcher for the Giants since Masanori Murakami on Sept. 30, 1965.
Conor Jackson drove in three runs for the Diamondbacks, who had their eight - game winning streak snapped Sunday against Colorado and lost consecutive games for only the second time this year.
Johnson walked slowly to the mound, head down and already holding a 2 - 0 lead after Jackson's two - run homer in the first. He was one of only a few players to wear short sleeves on a blustery Bay Area night, when the first-pitch temperature was 52 degrees.
Jackson also added an RBI double in the third and Justin Upton had a run-scoring single that inning.
Arizona got a scare in the bottom of the eighth when third baseman Mark Reynolds fell over the railing of a photo well while trying to catch Eugenio Velez's foul ball and banged his shin on a lower rail. His teammates ran to him and called for the trainer. Reynolds was slow getting up but stayed in the game.
Brian Wilson finished for his fourth save in five chances.
Johnson, who has 284 wins, gave up three hits and three unearned runs. It took him five pitches to throw his first strike after a four - pitch leadoff walk to Randy Winn. He struck out Rowand on an 83 mph slider, then gave up another four - pitch walk to Durham before retiring Rich Aurilia on a called third strike. Johnson got out of the inning on 18 pitches, eight for strikes.
The Giants tied it on Winn's two - run bloop single with two outs in the second, then Rowand followed with an RBI double to left and Johnson received a mound visit from pitching coach Bryan Price--Johnson's pitch count already at 43.
He had not pitched in the big leagues since a 9 - 5 loss to the Los Angeles Dodgers last June 28, before his August operation.
The 44-year-old left-hander topped out at 93 mph with his fastball. Arizona manager Bob Melvin said beforehand he didn't have a pitch count for Johnson, who went 4 - 3 with a 3.81 ERA last season. He finished at 90 pitches with 49 strikes.
Johnson underwent surgery to repair a herniated disk each of the past two seasons. Last year, he had only 3 1/2 months to recover before spring training and believes he rushed back too soon. He also had back surgery in 1996.
San Francisco starter Jonathan Sanchez allowed four runs--three earned--and six hits in five innings.