CINCINNATI--Houston native Paul Janish gave his family and friends something to cheer about--even if he did help beat the Astros.
Janish drove in the go-ahead run in the seventh inning with his third double, leading the Cincinnati Reds to a 5 - 4 victory over Houston on Tuesday night.
Houston reliever Sammy Gervacio (1 - 1) opened the seventh by hitting Corky Miller. Pitcher Bronson Arroyo ran for Miller and was sacrificed to second by pinch-hitter Drew Sutton.
Drew Stubbs struck out, but Janish lined up an opposite-field double to right-center to help send the Astros to their third consecutive loss.
Janish improved to 6 - for - 13 over his last three games after a 2 - for - 32 slump, prompting manager Dusty Baker to give him a rest last Saturday in Chicago.
Janish, given first crack at the shortstop job after Alex Gonzalez was traded to the Boston Red Sox on Aug. 14, jokingly credited the presence of his mother, Debbie.
Daniel Ray Herrera (4 - 4) struck out Michael Bourn, the only batter he faced, to end the seventh and earn the win.
Nick Masset allowed a hit and struck out the side in the eighth, and Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 36th save.
The Reds have won three of four.
Houston starter Roy Oswalt, roughed up for six runs and 10 hits over two innings while dealing with a bad back in his last start on Sept. 10, pitched into the sixth. He allowed six hits and four runs with no walks and three strikeouts.
Kip Wells rebounded from a 28-pitch first inning and lasted 6 2/3, giving up five hits and four runs with two walks and one strikeout. He retired 13 consecutive batters before Jeff Keppinger's one - out single in the seventh.
Wells got himself immediately into trouble by walking Bourn on four pitches to lead off the game. Bourn, who entered leading the National League with 55 stolen bases, swiped second and scored on Kaz Matsui's lined single to center field.
Matsui stole second, moved to third on a groundout and scored on a single by Miguel Tejada, who stole second and scored on Geoff Blum's single, a sharp grounder that just eluded the diving backhand stab of second baseman Brandon Phillips.
Stubbs led off the bottom of the first by hitting the first pitch he'd ever seen from Oswalt into the lower deck in left field for the rookie's sixth home run since being called up on Aug 19. Two pitches later, Janish doubled to deep right-center and later scored on Scott Rolen's sacrifice fly.
Matsui led off the third inning with his sixth homer of the season and first in 139 at-bats since Aug. 3 against the San Francisco Giants.
The Reds tied it in the sixth. Janish and Joey Votto led off with doubles, though Janish could only get to third after waiting to see if left fielder Carlos Lee would make a sliding catch of Votto's blooper--he didn't. Doug Brocail relieved Oswalt. Phillips grounded to second to drive in Janish, and Rolen hit a fly ball to deep center field over the head of the drawn-in Bourn for a ground-rule, tying double.