ARLINGTON, Texas--Nelson Cruz made Cliff Lee feel better about a no-decision.
Cruz's two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th lifted Texas to a 3 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night after Lee struck out a career-high 13 and scattered five hits in a nine - inning effort that failed to produce his 100th career win.
With the game tied at 1, Josh Hamilton drew a one - out walk off Michael Wuertz (2 - 2) and Cruz followed by lofting a 1 - 1 pitch high into the left-field seats.
The AL West-leading Rangers improved to 9 - 3 since the All-Star break.
Lee is 1 - 1 with two no-decisions in his four starts since he was acquired by Texas in a trade with Seattle on July 9.
The Rangers have scored only nine runs in Lee's four starts.
Lee had the most strikeouts for the Rangers since Aaron Sele's 13 on Aug. 12, 1999, against Detroit. Lee didn't walk a batter and has issued only seven walks in 17 starts this season.
Oakland advanced a runner to third with two outs in the 10th, but Neftali Feliz (2 - 2) struck out pinch-hitter Cliff Pennington.
The A's only run against Lee was unearned in the sixth with the help of a two - base error on second baseman Ian Kinsler.
Lee has lasted at least eight innings in eight straight starts, the longest streak in the majors since Toronto's Pat Hentgen had 12 in a row in 1996.
A's starter Gio Gonzalez allowed eight baserunners in the first four innings, then retired the final six he faced before leaving after six innings and 111 pitches. Gonzalez gave up one run and five hits, struck out six and walked three.
In Texas' half of the first, Michael Young drew a one - out walk and raced home ahead of Vladimir Guerrero's double. Young dislodged the ball from catcher Kurt Suzuki's glove on his slide to the plate.
Guerrero had been in a 4 - for - 31 slump over his previous eight games and had gone without an RBI for a season-long nine straight games.
The A's tied it at 1 in the sixth with the help of Kinsler's error. Coco Crisp singled, and took off for second on a steal attempt. Kinsler failed to cover catcher Bengie Molina's throw, and Crisp moved to third when the ball skipped into center field.
Suzuki's single drove in Crisp.
The official scorer consulted with Rangers coaches after the game, and it was determined that Kinsler was supposed to cover the base, removing an error that had been charged to Molina.