MINNEAPOLIS--Rookie Max Kepler continued to show promise for the future of the Minnesota Twins, though the present-day struggles led to one member of the team being traded away.
Kepler continued his midseason surge with a game-tying home run among two hits and two RBI as the Minnesota rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 2 on Thursday night.
The teams were squeezing in a make-up game from a May 9 postponement with Minnesota in the middle of a homestand and Baltimore heading for a weekend series at Toronto.
Following the game, the Twins traded Eduardo Nunez, the team's lone All-Star representative this year, to the San Francisco Giants for Triple-A left-hander Adalberto Mejia.
Minnesota had lost three in a row and was coming off a disappointing two - game sweep at home to the Atlanta Braves in a matchup of two teams with the majors' worst records.
Kepler hit his 11th home run off reliever Odrisamer Despaigne (0 - 2) leading off the sixth inning to tie the game 2-all after Baltimore starter Ubaldo Jimenez lasted five innings in his first start since July 8. Kepler had an RBI double as part of a four - run seventh.
Kepler played in nine April games, hitting.167 before being sent back to Triple-A. He was recalled on June 1 and has 38 RBI in his past 49 games. Kepler has eight home runs in 22 July games.
"For his first go round here, we're just looking for continued improvement."
Minnesota's Ryan Pressly (5 - 5) combined with two other relievers to allow just two hits the final three innings.
Kepler's work negated an effective spot start by Jimenez, who allowed one run and five hits and struck out eight in his first appearance since a 1 - 1/3 inning start on July 8. Jimenez had been in a bit of limbo with the Orioles since being ousted from the starting rotation with a 7.38 ERA.
Baltimore kept Jimenez off the mound in games, though. He never pitched out of the bullpen but did spend three days on the paternity leave list.
Adam Jones homered on the first pitch of the game for the Orioles, who head to play the Blue Jays with a 1 1/2 game lead over Toronto in the AL East.