ST. LOUIS--The last time the Cubs went to the postseason three straight years was in 1906 - 08. The World Series champions won the National Central for the second straight year with a 5 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night.
Under.500 and trailing Milwaukee in the division race at the All-Star break, the Cubs turned things around with a stellar second half.
Addison Russell hit a three - run homer and Lackey pitched six strong innings for Chicago.
The Cubs are the first defending World Series champion to win their division the next season since the 2009 Philadelphia Phillies and the first defending champion to reach the playoffs the next season since the Cardinals won the wild card in 2012.
The Cubs became the second visiting team to celebrate a title at Busch Stadium III. The 2009 Los Angeles Dodgers won the NLDS at St. Louis.
Lackey (12 - 11) retired the final 10 batters he faced. The former Cardinal and three - time World Series winner struck out three and gave up two hits and two walks.
Six Cubs relievers combined for three scoreless innings.
Cardinals starter Michael Wacha needed just 60 pitches to cruise through the first six innings, striking out eight, before running into trouble in the seventh. Anthony Rizzo and Bryant started the inning with singles and Russell drove a 2 - 1 pitch over the left field wall to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead.
Wacha (12 - 9) was chased after allowing the first six Cubs to reach base in the seventh. Heyward and Tommy La Stella had RBI doubles as the Cubs sent 10 batters to the plate against three St. Louis pitchers.
Paul DeJong's single scored Jedd Gyorko to give the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead in the second.
Former Cub Dexter Fowler came to the plate with the bases loaded as the tying run in the eighth, but Carl Edwards Jr. got him to fly weakly to right field, ending the Cardinals' threat.
The loss drops the Cardinals elimination number to one.
Cardinals manager Mike Matheny didn't watch the Cubs' celebration.
The Cubs will draw Washington in the NLDS, but Lackey isn't focused on the Nationals yet.