CHICAGO--His left eye swollen, Vladimir Guerrero looked as if he had just gone 12 rounds.
He insisted, he's fine.
The Texas Rangers are looking pretty good, too, at the moment even if their star is a bit banged up.
Matt Treanor homered and drove in a career-high four runs, and the Rangers beat the Chicago White Sox 9 - 5 on Wednesday night after losing Guerrero to an eye injury during batting practice.
Guerrero, the designated hitter, was scratched from the lineup after a ball he hit ricocheted off the top of the cage and struck him above the left eye. X-rays taken at a hospital showed no structural damage, and the eight - time All-Star insisted through an interpreter he could have pinch-hit if needed, no matter how bad he looked.
He said his vision is fine and laughed when someone asked what round they stopped the fight.
He had turned to get his glove when the ball nailed Guerrero.
Even without Guerrero, Texas still managed to pound Gavin Floyd (2 - 6).
Treanor capped a three - run first with a two - run bases-loaded double, and led off the third with his third homer. He was also robbed in the sixth when right fielder Carlos Quentin raced back for a lunging catch on his sacrifice fly.
Texas' Michael Young had three hits, including doubles in the first two innings, and drove in three runs while scoring two. Hamilton had his second straight three - hit game, and the Rangers had 12 hits after getting 19 the previous night in a 9 - 6 win.
Chicago's Paul Konerko hit two home runs off Scott Feldman late in the game, giving him 16 this season. He went deep twice at Texas on April 29 and has 26 multi-homer games in his career.
For Konerko, this was just another sickening loss.
Feldman (3 - 5) got his second win in three starts, allowing five runs and eight hits in a season-high eight innings.
Floyd lasted 2 2/3 innings, allowing eight hits and six runs. It was the sixth time an opponent scored at least five runs against him, and the Rangers had their way even though they didn't have their slugger.
The injury to Guerrero, who's batting.335 with 12 homers and is second in the majors with 44 RBIs, set a bad tone, but the AL West leaders were able to get by for at least one night.