NEW YORK--Jay Bruce, indeed, broke loose.
Bruce launched a three - run homer for his first hit since being traded, Bartolo Colon took a shutout into the seventh inning and the New York Mets beat the Yankees 4 - 1 Thursday night for a split of the Subway Series.
Alex Rodriguez is just four shy of reaching 700 career home runs. But that milestone may just be out of reach if the Yankees continue to bench him.
Bruce had been 0 for 10 since being acquired from Cincinnati on Monday before his drive into the Yankees' bullpen in right-center field made it 4 - 0 in the fifth inning.
Bruce's 26th homer gave him the NL RBI lead with 83, ended an 0 - for - 19 rut overall and made him 5 - for - 56 against the Yankees. He cracked a smile on the way back to the dugout, where Colon and his new teammates greeted him with hearty high-fives.
After each team won once at Citi Field earlier this week, the Mets took the wrapup of the two - game set at Yankee Stadium.
Colon (10 - 6) gave up six hits in 6 2/3 innings in earning his 228th victory, most among active players. The 43-year-old righty, who spent 2011 with the Yankees, became the first pitcher to win a Subway Series game for each New York team, the Elias Sports Bureau said.
Colon struck out Brett Gardner to begin the first and fanned no one else, and he walked none. Colon escaped a two - on, no-out jam in the second while retiring 13 of 14 batters.
Jerry Blevins took over for Colon and gave up an RBI single to Aaron Hicks. The reliever had stranded his previous 19 inherited runners.
Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth and Jeurys Familia worked around a pair of one - out singles for his 38th save in 40 chances, retiring Rob Refsnyder on a game-ending double-play grounder over the third-base bag. Kelly Johnson gloved the ball, stepped on the base and threw to first.
Johnson lined the first pitch from Nathan Eovaldi (9 - 8) in the fifth over the right-field wall. Curtis Granderson doubled with one out, and Eovaldi made a late throw trying to catch him on a comebacker by Alejandro De Aza. With two outs, Bruce homered.
The Mets outhomered the Yankees 8 - 2 in the four - game series, connecting twice each day. The Yankees lead their city rivals 62 - 46 in regular-season interleague play and beat them in the 2000 World Series.
De Aza started in center field after the Mets put slugging outfielder Yoenis Cespedes on the disabled list and De Aza made the defensive play of the night. He raced into the right-center gap for a diving, backhanded catch to rob Didi Gregorius in the fourth.