SAN FRANCISCO--When Chris Davis is in the on-deck circle, it's not often he's watching a teammate walked intentionally. It was no bother either way. He was just as ready to hit.
Davis hit a two - out, two - run double in the 10th inning and the Baltimore Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 Friday night.
Davis hit a soaring ball that bounced up against the center-field wall, scoring Manny Machado, who had two doubles in the game, and Adam Jones, who was given the free pass.
Davis, who also played flawlessly in the field, drove in his 107th and 108th runs of the season.
J. J. Hardy homered and Jones had two hits and drove in a run for Baltimore. Matt Wieters also drove in a run.
Jim Johnson (3 - 7) gave up a game-tying hit to Hunter Pence with no outs in the ninth and then worked out of the jam to gain the victory.
Orioles starter Chris Tillman threw eight stellar innings, striking out a career-high nine, giving up one run on four hits and walking one.
Brandon Belt had two hits, including a home run, for the Giants, who have lost five of seven. Javier Lopez (1 - 2) allowed all three runs in the 10th to take the loss.
Tillman was on his way to becoming the first Orioles pitcher to win eight road games in a season before Johnson blew his first save since July 1.
Ryan Vogelsong, who was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list before the game, allowed two runs on six hits over six innings. He walked three and struck out four.
Tommy Hunter got the final three outs for his third save in four chances.
Machado recorded his 41st double of the season with one out in the first. Jones singled him home to put the Orioles ahead, 1 - 0.
Hardy led off the second with his 20th homer, giving Baltimore a 2 - 0 lead.
Vogelsong, in his first appearance since May 20, settled in afterward. After allowing six hits in the first three innings, he retired 10 of the final 12 batters he faced.
Belt hit his 13th home run of the season and second in as many days, a solo shot, with two outs, to the deepest part of the park.
Tillman retired 16 in a row after walking Pablo Sandoval in the second. He struck out the side in the second and the first two batters he faced in the third.
Machado doubled off Brandon Crawford's glove with one out in the 10th. After getting Nick Markakis on a comebacker, the left-handed Lopez walked Jones intentionally and got ahead of Davis 1 - 2 before giving up the two - run double. Wieters followed with an RBI single.