BOSTON--Cody Ross looked pretty comfortable and very productive hitting in David Ortiz's usual spot in the lineup.
Ross hit three - run homers in consecutive innings and Felix Doubront pitched six solid innings, carrying the Boston Red Sox to a 10 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Wednesday night.
On the day Boston put Ortiz on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right Achilles, the first four batters in the order were a combined 10 - for - 15 with nine runs and 10 RBIs through six innings.
Ross did his damage in Ortiz's customary No. 3 place in the order.
The Red Sox moved past Texas with the high-scoring night and lead the majors in runs scored.
Doubront has benefited from Boston's offensive outbursts this season. The Red Sox have averaged 8.38 runs per nine innings in his starts.
Adrian Gonzalez added a solo homer and drove in four runs, and Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits for Boston.
Paul Konerko had an RBI single and walked twice for the White Sox, who lost for the fourth time in 12 games.
The Red Sox have won two of three in the four - game series, which concludes Thursday night.
Chicago's Kevin Youkilis went 1 - for - 4 in his third game against his former team of 7 ½ seasons. He was traded to the White Sox on June 24.
The 24-year old Doubront (10 - 4) joined Jon Lester as the only Red Sox to have double-digits wins in a season at 24 or younger since Roger Clemens in 1987. Clemens was 20 - 9 at 24 and Lester was 24 when he won 16 in 2008.
Left-hander Pedro Hernandez took the loss in his major league debut, giving up eight runs and 12 hits--three homers--in four - plus innings, walking one and striking out two.
After the game Hernandez was sent back to Triple-A Charlotte. The club called up left-hander Donnie Veal from Charlotte to take his place.
Ross broke a 1-all tie with his homer in the third. Ellsbury and Carl Crawford opened the inning with singles before Ross hit a drive into the seats above the Green Monster.
With Boston leading 4 - 1 in the fourth, Ross hit another shot into the Monster seats after Pedro Ciriaco and Ellsbury singled. One pitch later, Gonzalez lofted a drive into the first row of seats in left, making it 8 - 1.
Doubront allowed one run and four hits in six innings with three walks and two strikeouts. Three relievers held Chicago hitless in the final three innings.
Chicago went ahead on Konerko's RBI single in the first, but Boston tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez's run-scoring single.
The 23-year old Hernandez was 7 - 2 in Double-A and pitched two games for Charlotte before getting the start.