PHOENIX--For most of the night Friday, the Los Angeles Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks were locked in a tight NL West fight.
Then came the eighth inning, and an avalanche of Arizona runs.
Paul Goldschmidt, Yasmany Tomas and Chris Iannetta each drove in two in a nine - run inning and the Diamondbacks routed the Dodgers 13 - 5.
Chris Taylor's pinch-hit home run had put the Dodgers up 5 - 4 in the seventh and manager Dave Roberts turned things over to the usually reliable Los Angeles bullpen.
The Diamondbacks had six hits and five walks in the inning. Only one hit was for extra bases.
It was the sixth time Arizona has scored nine runs in an inning. The club record is 13.
The Diamondbacks had managed a total of one run in their previous two games, losses at San Diego.
Luis Avilan walked in the tying run in the eighth and Sergio Romo was called for a balk to bring home the go-ahead score. Romo said it was his first big league balk.
Goldschmidt, coming off a 5 - for - 33 road trip, singled off the glove of second baseman Chase Utley to make it 8 - 5, Tomas doubled into the left field corner to bring in a pair and Iannetta singled home two more.
Ross Stripling (0 - 1) pitched one inning plus two batters in the loss.
Taylor's homer was the first run allowed this season by Archie Bradley (1 - 0), who went two innings to get the victory.
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the first and it was a one - run game the rest of the way until Arizona's eighth-inning avalanche.
A. J. Pollock fell a triple shy of the cycle for the Diamondbacks, just off a 4 - 6 road trip. They improved to 7 - 1 at home.
Corey Seager had three hits, including a home run, and drove in three runs for Los Angeles.
The Dodgers scored twice on Taijuan Walker's first five pitches of the game.
Joc Pederson singled sharply up the middle and Seager followed with a shot over the porch and onto the walkway beyond the wall in left center.
Arizona cut the lead in half quickly, with Pollock hitting his first career leadoff home run. The Diamondbacks tied it on consecutive doubles by Pollock and Chris Owings in the third.