CHICAGO--Danny Duffy couldn't help but think about his last start at U. S. Cellular Field.
The Kansas City Royals' left-hander matched a career high with nine strikeouts and scattered five hits over seven - plus shutout innings in a 9 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Saturday.
His previous outing in Chicago didn't go well at all. Duffy injured his elbow in the first inning on May 13, 2012. Soon after he had Tommy John surgery and missed about a year.
The victory was the sixth straight for the Royals while the White Sox dropped their ninth in 10 games against Kansas City.
Royals manager Ned Yost said there was a lot to like about Duffy's complete effort.
Mike Moustakas homered among his three hits as the Royals won their second straight in this weekend series.
The Royals scored five times in the fourth--four with none out--to chase Chicago starter Hector Noesi (2 - 5).
Noesi allowed five runs--two earned--and eight hits while walking one and striking out four.
Duffy last struck out nine on June 19, 2011, at St. Louis. He's now 2 - 0 against Chicago.
Duffy departed in the eighth inning after a leadoff single by Adam Eaton.
White Sox designated hitter Paul Konerko spoiled the shutout with a homer off Michael Mariot to open the ninth.
Two runs scored in the five - run fourth when third baseman Leury Garcia bobbled Lorenzo Cain's grounder for an error.
Moustakas then singled to shallow center for another run.
Alcides Escobar's base hit extended his hitting streak to a career-high 12 games and loaded the bases for the second time in the inning.
The Royals' fourth run came on Nori Aoki's double-play grounder. Omar Infante lined a two - out single to left, driving in Moustakas for a 5 - 0 lead.
Noesi was chased in favor of right-hander reliever Javy Guerra with two outs in the fourth.
Moustakas' homer in the eighth inning was his sixth of the season. He finished with two RBIs and two runs scored.
Eric Hosmer had an RBI double to left to start a three - run ninth. Butler's one - out homer to right made it 9 - 0.
Despite giving up an eighth inning single to Eaton, Duffy's shutout was preserved after Eaton was thrown out at home on a throw by Aoki in a play overturned following a review.