OAKLAND, Calif.--After being shut down the first three games, the big bats of the Texas Rangers finally broke through.
Shin-Soo Choo hit a three - run homer, Mitch Moreland added a two - run blast and Texas' dormant offense spoiled Kendall Graveman's Oakland debut with a 10 - 1 victory Thursday.
Adrian Beltre and Rougned Odor added solo home runs for the Rangers, who were shut out twice and held to three runs total in the first three games.
Texas responded by scoring eight runs in the first four innings to give Nick Martinez (1 - 0) plenty of support and earn a split of the season-opening four - game series.
Martinez gave up four hits in seven scoreless innings, his sixth straight start with two or fewer earned runs allowed.
Graveman (0 - 1) had a brilliant first spring with the A's after being acquired in the offseason from Toronto in the Josh Donaldson deal. He allowed just one earned run in six starts and his 0.36 ERA was the lowest in the majors.
But he gave up three runs in a sloppy first, followed by Moreland's home run in the third and Choo's in the fourth that ended his day early. Graveman allowed eight runs--seven earned--and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings.
Graveman's day got off to an inauspicious start when he walked Leonys Martin to lead off the game, allowed a single to Choo and then made a throwing error on a pickoff throw to second.
That's when things really got weird. The Rangers scored their first run when Beltre hit a grounder to third base and Vogt dropped Brett Lawrie's throw home for an error.
After an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a sacrifice fly by Moreland, Elvis Andrus hit a grounder to Lawrie with runners on first and third. Lawrie threw to second for the force, but umpire Doug Eddings ruled Eric Sogard's foot was off the bag. Sogard then threw home and Fielder was caught in a rundown.
The A's challenged the play and the umpires ruled Sogard kept his foot in on the bag for a 5 - 4 - 4 - 5 - 2 - 2 double play.
The Rangers put the game away with their first four home runs of the season. Beltre's was the most impressive, a shot hit with his back knee on the ground.