MINNEAPOLIS--Sitting in the Kansas City dugout watching Scott Baker go for a no-hitter, Willie Bloomquist and the Royals wondered aloud how to hex the Minnesota ace.
Whatever they did right before the seventh inning sure worked.
Bloomquist ended Baker's no-hit bid with a single, Jose Guillen connected for a three - run homer in the same inning and the Royals rallied past Minnesota 7 - 5 on Sunday.
Guillen's three - run shot accounted for the first runs off Baker (0 - 4), who flirted with Minnesota's first no-hitter since 1999. But he gave up five consecutive hits in the seventh and failed to record an out as the Royals overcame their largest deficit this season to take two of three in the series.
It was the second time Baker had a brush with history against Kansas City. He took a perfect game into the ninth inning on Aug. 31, 2007, at the Metrodome before issuing a leadoff walk to John Buck and allowing a one - out single by pinch-hitter Mike Sweeney.
The right-hander finished that game with a one - hitter. This time was a much different outcome.
Guillen drove in four runs, and Kansas City starter Gil Meche (2 - 2) lasted six innings and a season-high 116 pitches after leaving his previous start at Toronto with lower back stiffness.
Delmon Young's RBI single in the sixth gave Minnesota a 4 - 0 lead.
Until that point, Baker's lone blemish was a second-inning walk to Guillen. Baker then retired 15 straight before Bloomquist's leadoff single in the seventh. Mark Teahen followed with a single and Guillen hit his third homer on an 0 - 2 pitch to pull the Royals to 4 - 3.
Mike Jacobs and David DeJesus singled to chase Baker, who struck out four and left to a standing ovation. Still, he wound up with a loss.
Luis Ayala gave up Alberto Callaspo's two - run double to left-center, putting the Royals up 5 - 4. Guillen added a run-scoring double in the eighth and Coco Crisp hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth.
Guillen has three homers since coming off the disabled list April 24.
Horacio Ramirez and Jamey Wright each worked a scoreless inning before Joakim Soria pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances.
Soria gave up a run when pinch-hitter Joe Mauer singled to score Denard Span.