MIAMI--Carlos Gomez added another impressive offensive performance during his breakout season.
Gomez had four hits, including two triples, drove in three runs, and scored three runs to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10 - 1 win over the Miami Marlins on Wednesday.
"Anytime you have a guy with that kind of speed and a ballpark this big, things like that are going to happen. He did very well for us tonight and a big part of the win."
Gomez, a.247 hitter coming into the season, raised his batting average to.326 on the year with 11 home runs, eight triples and 36 RBIs in 63 games.
It was the eighth four - hit game in Gomez's career. Gomez had two unimpressive stints with the Mets and Twins before landing in Milwaukee in 2010.
His biggest play of the game came in the sixth.
With the Brewers already leading 6 - 0, Gomez smacked a three - run triple, his third of the series, off Edgar Olmos to score three runs and scored on the play as Derek Dietrich's errant relay throw ended up in the stands.
Jean Segura homered for the Brewers, who have won five of six.
Alfredo Figaro (1 - 0) pitched seven scoreless innings to earn his first victory since Sept. 26, 2009, at the Chicago White Sox. He retired 16 in a row at one point and struck out four.
Both Gomez and Lucroy had bases-clearing triples as the two combined to go 12 - for - 24 with 12 RBIs in the three - game series.
It was the largest margin of victory for the Brewers this season.
Miami starter Kevin Slowey (2 - 6) allowed six runs--five earned--and nine hits in five innings.
He was on three days' rest after he pitched seven scoreless innings of relief to earn the victory in Saturday's 2 - 1, 20-inning win over the Mets.
Slowey is 0 - 4 with an 8.89 ERA in his past six starts.
Lucroy gave the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead in the first with his three - run triple to right-center as the ball rolled to the wall.
Segura hit his 10th home run of the season in the third for a 4 - 0 advantage.
Norichika Aoki and Lucroy added sacrifice flies in the fourth and fifth to push the lead to 6 - 0.
Ed Lucas had two of Miami's five hits and Giancarlo Stanton drove in the Marlins only run in the ninth.