PHILADELPHIA--Zack Greinke's hitting outshined his pitching.
Greinke was 3 for 3 with a homer to offset his worst start in three years and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 8 on Thursday.
Greinke (11 - 2) gave up five runs before recording an out and finished with six runs allowed and seven hits in six innings. But he helped himself at the plate and Adrian Gonzalez hit a three - run homer to pace the NL West-leading Dodgers.
The six runs equaled the total Greinke gave up in his previous nine starts combined. He had a scoreless streak of 45 2/3 innings during that span. Greinke hadn't allowed six earned runs since Aug. 19, 2012, when he gave up six for the Angels at Tampa Bay.
Greinke's ERA rose from 1.41 to 1.71. His batting average went from.170 to.220.
Domonic Brown hit a three - run homer for the Phillies, who lost their first series since the All-Star break. They're 13 - 5 since the break but still have the worst record in the majors at 42 - 67.
Fans gave Jimmy Rollins a loud standing ovation when he led off the game for the third straight day. Rollins, the Phillies' all-time hits leader, was 1 for 5.
Philadelphia starter David Buchanan (2 - 6) lasted four innings and gave up seven runs and 10 hits.
Gonzalez connected for his 22nd homer in the second to put the Dodgers ahead 6 - 5. Greinke hit his fifth career homer in the third to make it 7 - 5.
Greinke reached on an infield single for his third hit to start the sixth. Rollins followed with a double and Howie Kendrick hit a two - run double to make it 9 - 6. Yasmani Grandal's sacrifice fly extended the lead to 10 - 6.
Kenley Jansen got the final two outs to record his 21st save in 22 chances. He entered with two runners on and allowed a two - run double to Maikel Franco and a single to Ryan Howard before Brown lined into a double play to first baseman Gonzalez.
The Dodgers jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first on Carl Crawford's two - run single and Andre Ethier's RBI double.
But the Phillies answered in the bottom half. Brown followed Howard's two - run single with a shot to right for a 5 - 3 lead. Brown's RBI single in the third cut it to 7 - 6.