MILWAUKEE (AP)--Prince Fielder wants a blaring siren to be his signature sound.
It should serve as a less-than-subtle warning that the Brewers' slugger is rounding back into form.
Fielder homered to leadoff the eighth and helped scratch across another run with an unlikely steal of third to lift Milwaukee to a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night.
Fielder, who went 3 - for - 4, drove a fastball by Arizona reliever Doug Slaten (0 - 2) 445 feet to left-center field where it bounced off a stadium support just below a "Vote Brewers" All-Star banner to give Milwaukee its first lead, 4 - 3.
It was Fielder's third homer in the last four games and five of his nine this season have come against lefties.
Said Slaten: "That's the guy on this team in that lineup that I'd be coming in to face, so I am looking forward to those situations. I was ready. I just threw a meatball up there for him."
Fielder's effort was almost for naught following a tenuous ninth.
The Brewers, who won their fourth straight, committed a pair of throwing errors by catcher Jason Kendall and third baseman Bill Hall to put men on first and second in the ninth. After a sacrifice bunt by Chris Snyder, who homered and drove in two, reliever Salomon Torres walked the bases loaded.
But pinch hitter Augie Ojeda popped out and Stephen Drew struck out looking for Torres' sixth save.
Guillermo Mota (2 - 3) earned the win with a perfect eighth in relief of Brewers starter Jeff Suppan, who gave up seven hits and struck out six in seven innings.
Trailing 3 - 1, the Brewers got a pair of unearned runs off errant throws in the seventh after chasing Diamondbacks starter Doug Davis from the game. Davis left with two on and no outs after a single and a walk in favor of reliever Chad Qualls.
Qualls loaded the bases when he threw wildly to first on a sacrifice bunt. Pinch-hitter Gabe Kapler hit a high chopper to third baseman Mark Reynolds and the catcher Snyder couldn't grab the wayward throw to the plate, allowing two runs to score. Qualls got out of the inning with a strikeout and a double play after loading the bases with a walk.
Fielder, who also threw out Chris Young at the plate in the third after Reynolds' RBI single, had all the Brewers' offense until the seventh, scoring a run in the second after he singled and advanced to second on a wild pitch.
He then stole third--his first steal this season--after Davis didn't pay attention to him and scored on Hall's sacrifice fly.