HOUSTON--Despite a 10-year age gap, Astros rookies Alex Bregman and Yulieski Gurriel are facing some of the same challenges in adjusting to the majors.
The pair showcased the skills that got them here Saturday night, combining for four hits and five RBI to help Houston beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 2.
The 22-year-old Bregman homered and had three RBI on Saturday night. The 2015 first-round draft pick has turned the corner, raising his average to.242 after batting.053 in his first 10 games following his promotion from Triple-A on July 25.
The 32-year-old Gurriel added two doubles and collected the first two RBI of his major league career. Playing in his fifth game, it was the first time he'd displayed the timely hitting that allowed him to pile up more than 1,000 RBI over 15 seasons in Cuba.
Gurriel was glad to contribute but knows he still has a lot of work to do.
Bregman connected off fellow rookie Blake Snell (4 - 7) in the third inning to make it 4 - 0. It was Bregman's fifth homer.
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel (9 - 12) allowed nine hits and two runs in seven innings for his first career victory over the Rays. He entered 0 - 4 in six starts against them.
Bobby Wilson hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning for the Rays, and Tim Beckham had three hits.
Snell allowed a season-high nine hits and five runs--four earned--in three - plus innings for his third loss in four starts. He exited with a bruise on his lower left leg after being hit by a sharp grounder from Marwin Gonzalez to start the fourth.
Snell didn't walk a batter after walking 13 over his last three starts. But that was about the only good news for the left-hander, who ended his streak of nine straight starts of allowing two earned runs or fewer. The streak was a franchise record for a rookie.
Bregman's single in the fourth inning pushed the lead to 5 - 0.
Corey Dickerson singled with no outs in the fifth before Wilson's home run, which smashed off the wall above the seats in left field and cut the lead to 5 - 2.
The Rays didn't take advantage of a scoring opportunity in the sixth. Beckham singled with one out but was caught in a rundown when he tried to go to third on a single by Mikie Mahtook. Keuchel then struck out Steven Souza Jr. to end the threat.