LOS ANGELES--Knowing they face the next couple of months without injured third baseman Adrian Beltre, the Seattle Mariners sounded a lot like the Dodgers did in early May when they learned that Manny Ramirez was suspended for 50 games.
The Dodgers still have the best record in the majors with less than a week to go before Ramirez is eligible to return. The key question facing the Mariners after Sunday's 4 - 2 victory over Los Angeles is whether they can stay afloat in the AL West without one of their top hitters.
Beltre singled in a run and Jose Lopez hit a two run double for the Mariners, whose final two stops on their nine - game road trip are Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park. But they'll be without Beltre, who is expected to miss six to eight weeks after having bone spurs removed from his left shoulder.
Beltre played the final two games of this three - game series after deciding to have surgery on his non-throwing shoulder. He hit 2 for 9 and had six assists, including an exceptional play in the hole to rob Russell Martin in the fourth inning Sunday.
Before leaving the clubhouse, Griffey interrupted a group of reporters interviewing Beltre to give him a big hug.
Lopez, in his fourth game back with the club after spending the previous six on the bereavement list because of the death of his sister in Venezuela, was 8 for 12 with four RBIs in the series.
Left-hander Garrett Olson (3 - 2) threw 72 pitches over five innings, allowing two runs and four hits. David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances.
Hiroki Kuroda (2 - 4) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings, striking out five and walking none for the fourth consecutive start.
Ichiro Suzuki, vying for his third AL batting crown, faced Kuroda for the first time in the major leagues and finished the day 1 for 5--lowering his major league-leading average to. 372. He beat out an infield hit to second base in third to trigger a three - run rally and extend his hitting streak to 11 games, but his streak of seven multihit games ended.
The Dodgers, who have baseball's best record at 48 - 27 despite losing four of their last five, were held to one hit until Matt Kemp led off the fifth with a homer. Four batters later, Andre Ethier hit a sacrifice fly.
Kemp's homer was the only time in the last two games that the Dodgers had a batter reach to start an inning.